Ava’s summer as a nanny worked as a better form of birth control than her IUD.
“Ava don’t forget to pack a one piece you might not want to be exposed in front of the kids in a bikini” shouted Ava’s mom from the next room. 
“Why don’t you let me deal with my own life? Thanks,” Ava yelled from the next room. Anne sighed. Her daughter always had a tendency of stirring the pot and testing the limits. It had been like that ever since she was a child. Ava was spunky and outspoken and Anne always worried it would come back to bite them both in the ass. Ava was desperate for a summer job. Money was constantly tight and Anne never wanted to admit that. Anne worked three jobs and secretly was always wondering about how she was going to pay for college. Anne always worried Ava never fully processed her father’s absence. Anne never pushed Ava to talk about it as a child because she wanted Ava to feel like her life was good enough the way it was. 
Anne struggled to connect with her daughter. Ava felt far away. Ava in her bubble, Anne in hers. Anne sat cross legged in a small wooden chair in their kitchen, a smooth yellow dish rag in her hand. She stared out the window and watched the cool summer breeze whip the leaves into a gentle dance. She wished her daughter would open up to her. 
Ava and Anne live alone in a small, two bedroom house in Ossining, New York. It’s a quaint little cottage with a white picket fence lining the outside. The irony of the white picket fence that paints a perfect image of a happy suburban life is contrasted with the harsh reality of the two lonely women who reside inside.
 Everytime Ava looked at her mother she saw her father that wasn’t there. She felt like a walking cliche and she hated herself for it. She couldn’t explain why, it’s just what she saw and she resented Anne with every fiber in her being. She knew it was unfair, but sometimes there was this burning rage inside her and she had no idea where to put it. She needed money and she needed to get the hell out of there for the summer. So, when Ava’s friend Samantha told her about a rich family who lived in Briarcliff Manor, searching for a full time nanny, Ava jumped at the opportunity. She knew that it would be best to get away from her mom, to just escape. 
“Oh hi is this Mr. Sumption?” Ava timidly asked. 
Dorothy and Scott Sumption live on Zydoeuk road in Briarcliff Manor. Dorothy is the main breadwinner. Works in finance. Emasculates her husband who works as a “producer” of “events” for some production company. They have two psychotic children. Charlie Sumption, a 4 year old devil and Teddy Sumption, a 2 year old nightmare. Each year the children get older, the more the Sumptions wish they didn’t have them. Dorothy wanted to pretend that she craved a conventional life, but it turns out her work was her real baby. It happens to be unfortunate that only after getting everything you thought you wanted, it turns out maybe you didn’t want any of it at all. 
“Uhh yes may I ask who’s calling?” Replied Scott.
“Oh this is Ava Kohn. My friend Samantha told me you might be looking for a Nanny? I love, love kids and I know I would be great if you gave me a chance?” Ava pleaded. 
“Oh yeah let me talk to my wife, we really are in desperate need. I can’t believe it’s already June and we don’t have a Nanny!” He exasperated.  
After a short meeting and some brief consideration, Dorothy and Scott Sumption hired Ava Kohn. She was to work everyday from 8am-7pm and accompany the Sumptions on their annual trip to Nawaka family camp in Wisconsin at the beginning of August. Dorothy and Scott could not be left alone with their children for more than an hour at a time, so Ava had to be on call. 
June and July were absolute hell for Ava. 
“Give me ice cream now!” Was Charlie’s favorite thing to say. 
“You cannot speak to me like that and expect to get everything you want” Ava always replied.
The very first day on the job Charlie purposefully pooped his parents' bed. The second day, he locked himself in the bathroom and Ava had to break the lock on the door in order to get him out. The third day Teddy fell in the driveway and skinned his knee. Luckily each night when Dorothy and Scott would come home, they would turn on the tv, complain about their difficult lives, and dish out hundreds of dollars for Ava. When they needed her to work overtime on the weekends, Dorothy and Scott often came home with bloodshot eyes and reeking of alcohol. It soon became clear to Ava that Dorothy and Scott yearned for a past life where responsibilities somehow did not exist. 
--------
“Are you sure you still want to go on this trip with them Ava, because if you don’t want to you do have to” Anne sounded desperate. She watched her daughter shoving random clothes into her suitcase. A pink bikini here, a sundress there, socks and underwear strewn all over the floor of Ava’s small room. A whole month was a long time to be away on vacation with another family. Anne wished she could give Ava a good enough reason to stay but she knew it was a long shot. 
“Mom stop. I’m going, it’s going to be so much money and someone has to make it around here.” Ava knew the words were filled with venom the second she heard them come out of her own mouth. Anne looked completely defeated and she was. Ava felt awful but she just couldn’t help herself. She didn’t care what this trip was going to be. She just needed to get away from her mother. She needed to dip her toe into something else, something bigger, something different, something Anne would never understand. For as long as she could remember she had been stuck in this little town just the two of them and she wanted out. 
----------
There is nothing quite as antiquated as being the nanny at a family camp. Think summer camp for adults and their families. Think hundreds of dollars per night. And yet, think old, run down wooden cabins from the eighteen hundreds, identical in look and lining the lake. On the whole, not very well kept, dust bunnies and creaky doors, but screened in porches of course, paired with a beautiful view of the water. Boats and canoes sit comfortably by the docks patiently waiting to be used. This is a place where groups of families gather together year after year staying in the same cottages as their ancestors once did, while desperately trying to connect to the wifi and preserve a sense of tradition. Camp Nawaka has rules and expectations and it doesn’t enjoy outsiders. Your family lineage is your way in. Expectedly, there is an air of self indulgence that swirls around rich people who believe they have an ancestral right to be where they are. Sitting around day after day looking the other way as their children run free into the water, subject to drowning. Mothers with their noses up in their Gucci beach cover ups and fathers clutching their beer cozies for dear life. Every meal is eaten at the shared dining hall and everyone must dress up for dinner each night, as is tradition. Breakfast and lunch are also enjoyed in various locations around the property and those who wish to enjoy it are called to eat by a bell that rings throughout the grounds at specified times. Camp Nawaka is a place full of history and full of unknowns. Each summer is molded by traditional sameness and yet enriched at its core with such difference. 
-------
Dash Fenwey is a 30 year old banker from Greenwich Connecticut. He wanted to go to art school but that was always a pipe dream which now feels like a distant memory. His father never ever approved of that idea and threatened not to pay for college. So, since Dash could be weak, he was an econ major at Duke and shoved his paintings in a portfolio under his bed. What could he do? 
 Dash lives alone in an apartment in New York City because he makes good money. His father always taught him that money means stability and without stability you might as well be dead. His father was a hardass who liked to tell Dash, “I’ve forgotten things you haven’t even learned yet.” Dash has a cleaning lady, the nearest chinese restaurant on speed dial, and lots of suits. He’s an unmarried bachelor who decides that instead of taking a vacation for himself, everytime August 4th rolls around, instead he heads down to Camp Nawakwa in Wisconsin to meet up with his parents and his 34 year old sister Linda. 
He avoids his family at all costs, holidays and Camp Nawaka being his only exceptions. He will then spend almost all of August sitting on the beach, playing tennis, and eating the finest steaks the camp provides. When he must get back to work, he will work remotely from the cabin until his return to the office come September. Tennis with dad in the morning can be brutal, but it’s the only way he can seem to connect with his father. Dry conversations at dinner with Linda, his sister, about her boring job at Ralph Lauren, or her dashing new fiance who their father seems to like better than Dash, are her favorite talking points. And, finally, Dash always dreads being grilled by his mother about why she doesn’t have any grandchildren yet. Dash was mentally preparing for this year’s trip as he always did. Little did he know his trip to Camp Nawaka was about to be very different this year. 
Dash blasted Nirvana and The Stones the entire drive from New York to Wisconsin. He prefered to drive even though his entire family was flying over. He liked alone time and besides he needed his car for freedom just in case anything happened. He did not like to rely on anyone, especially his father. He was continuing his mental prep for the week ahead. Family is great. Family brings us together. He kept reminding himself. As he pulled into a gas station off IA-330 he thought about how he was 30. He was alone. He was driving to see his family and to stay in a cabin that his parents were paying for. He thought about how he hated his job. He thought about his monotonous life. He thought about his paintings buried underneath his bed. He bought a fanta and a bag of peanuts and got back on the road, peanut dust and gasoline mixing in his wake.  
Dash knew these roads like nobody’s business. He had been coming to Camp Nawaka for as long as he could remember. Camp Nawaka is where he learned how to swim, how to kiss, and observe the wealth he could never quite wrap his head around. As he pulled into the long winding driveway leading into the exclusive entrance, waves of nostalgia came over him. He drove past identical, homey, wooden cabins lining the lake. He looked out at the glistening water and saw some kids water skiing. He saw girls in bikinis and guys in swim trunks. He pulled into the driveway of cabin 105, the same one as always, and saw Linda and her finance Carter waiting to greet him. Dash liked to call Carter Ken behind his back because he thought he looked and acted like a Ken doll--- pretty and stupid. Linda had been dating him for all of 6 months before he popped the question on a romantic getaway at his parents house in the bahamas. Dash couldn’t stand the guy. He was one of those phony rich guys who acted like he was self made when in reality his parents were the only things making him. 
“Dash! You made it! Why are you eating peanuts they’re all over your lap” Linda said. Carter stood behind her smiling. Goddamn Ken doll. Dash glanced over at his half drunk fanta, the fizz was gone. The peanuts, along with his trash from his breakfast that morning, were strewn all over the passenger seat. 
“Dash is that Dashall?” His mother yelled from the front porch of the cabin.
“Tell Dash that tennis starts tomorrow at 6am!” His father screamed from inside. 
“Jesus Christ, give me a second to get my shit together here!” Dash said. Carter offered to bring his bags inside and Linda immediately began chatting about some story and Dash immediately stopped listening. He brushed off the peanuts from the passenger seat and the stragglers fell under the console. He grabbed his trash, locked the car, took a big breath and went inside the cabin. 
------------
Ava always thought she wanted children until she had to get on a plane with Charlie and Teddy Sumption. Dorothy, Scott, Ava, and the kids were flying to Wisconsin from New York. Right before going through security Charlie was told he had to throw out the rest of his lemonade, but Charlie did not like that idea. 
“NO, NO, NO I CAN’T I DON’T WANT TO, I CAN’T” screamed Charlie. He began to have a complete temper tantrum on the floor of the airport. 
At this point Ava was unfazed by his outbursts. Of course Dorothy had no idea how to handle it. Clutching Charlie to her she picked him up and dragged him through security as he kicked and screamed. Ava took Teddy through and did not look back. Of course Scott was nowhere to be found during this situation because he went to drop off the bags to avoid going through security with the rest of them. 
After the terrible plane ride Ava and the family got in the car and drove to Camp Nawaka. Pulling up onto the grounds she felt like an intruder. An outsider. The help. She hoped that there would be other people her age maybe in the same position as her. 
“People actually come here?” She thought. 
She couldn’t believe it. As they drove up they passed the lined cabins that were all identical looking. It was really quite odd. She could only imagine the types of people that probably came here. This felt like some sort of cult movie nightmare wrapped up in a perfect bow. She looked out onto the glistening water and saw tons of kids playing. She wondered what it might feel like to grow up being one of them. A kid with money who could afford not to think about any of the privileges they possessed. Technically she was about to find out how the other half lived, but she was still the help. The nanny. Ava did not know how this was going to work. She didn’t completely understand why a family would need a nanny to go on their personal vacation, but she had already resided herself to the situation. She was not going to question it further. Dorothy and Scott were nice enough, horrible parents, but nice enough? She didn’t really know them. Ava was determined to enjoy whatever was about to come her way. Pulling up to cabin 110 she was surprised to see how close it was to the water. It was truly a magnificent view. They scrambled out of the car and into the cabin, the kids running ahead. Dorothy showed Ava her room. It was the smallest room in the house, but Ava didn’t mind she was used to it. 
----------
“Ava” Dorothy whispered, “let’s go now!” 
“Oh ok yeah sorry I didn’t hear my alarm go off” Ava whispered in reply. Ava got up slowly to put on her workout clothes and a pair of beat up old running shoes. She couldn’t believe this was real. 6am wake up call. She laughed to herself. This bitch was crazy. 
“Oh honey we’ll have to get you a new pair” Dorothy exclaimed when she saw Ava emerging from her room. Ava blushed embarrassed. She could feel Dorothy staring at her clothes. It was just tennis. Who cares Ava thought what was the big deal? Day one and she already felt on the spot. 
Dorothy Sumption loved to play Tennis. Every morning at Camp Nawaka from 6am-7am she could squeeze in one hour of peace without her terrible children. Dorothy loved her job and she worked hard. Her husband was becoming somewhat of a dullard and her job made her feel something. She saw her kids maybe two hours out of the day and she carried some guilt about it. She was determined to be the perfect wife, mother, and breadwinner---the impossible three. Dorothy also was in desperate need of companionship. She was competitive and blonde and way too skinny. She needed someone to vent to and Ava was perfect for the job. Ava was compassionate and put up with her insane children. She was a beautiful girl, but not hotter than Dorothy and most importantly she had to listen to Dorothy because she was paying her. So, when Dorothy woke her up at 6am to go down to the tennis courts Ava had to go. 
Ava  tip-toed through the cabin so as to not wake the children, following Dorothy down the stairs and out the door. Dorothy’s skinny figure bounced down the road and she began blabbing about this big deal she was trying to close in a couple weeks. Ava began to zone out. She looked around. They were surrounded by big oak trees. It was a bit nippy, as it was still the first true moments of the morning. Ava didn’t really know how to play tennis. Tennis was a rich people sport. She used to hit a tennis ball around sometimes when she was a kid with her next door neighbors against their garage doors, but that was about it. Dorothy was her boss, Dorothy wanted to play tennis, and for some reason Dorothy wanted Ava to tag along, so she had to. When they arrived at the courts there were a few people already there, a couple, two women, and finally man with another older man, and then what looked like the instructor. Ava felt out of place standing there in her pink sports bra and black shorts in the cold morning air on a tennis court in the middle of Wisconsin. What the hell was she doing there? 
Ava did not realize it was a group lesson. There was a quick warm up and then some easy hitting. Ava played as best as she could, it was a lesson after all. Dorothy was running around the court making a fool of herself. Ava was fascinated by the people playing around her. The women were all skinny seemingly in their thirties and clearly trying to get in with the instructor. The instructor, named Henry, was nice enough. Ava couldn’t imagine working here full time. Then there was the man and the older man. Ava assumed that they were probably father and son. The younger one of the two kept making eye contact with her across the court as they did different exercises. He certainly did not need to be playing in this group. Ava wondered why he was there. The older man kept running for the ball so aggressively. She did not know what to make of this situation. She kept reminding herself this was money. Lots of money. 
“Okay now Dash and Robert on one side” Henry yelled, “Dorothy and Ava on the other!” “Everyone else sit on the side we will do this in rotation!” Ava and Dorothy went to their side of the court and the older man and the younger man did the same. Ava was not sure what this exercise was going to be, but she could tell she was in the presence of seasoned pros. Essentially it was a game of pass the ball trying to keep it in a perfect rally. Ava felt like she was getting the hang of it. The older guy passed to her and then she passed to the younger guy who passed to Dorothy. This rotation went around at least five times and Ava really felt confident. She was swinging the racket and she felt like she looked pretty athletic. Henry called last time and the younger guy with bright green eyes from across the court was all set up to serve to her. Ava was so ready. She was determined to hit that ball as hard as she possibly could. The problem was she was too busy looking into his eyes to notice how fast the ball was coming at her. Ava bolted for it, her arms flailing in an attempt to return the serve, but the round yellow ball was coming at an immense speed, and the sun was blinding her eyes. Everything was in slow motion as she made contact with the ball as it slammed right into her forehead. Ava fell to the ground with an immediate sinking feeling. The embarrassment went right to her cheeks as she blushed crimson.  
“Oh my god” Dash yelled as he ran over to her side of the court. “Are you alright, that was totally my bad!” 
“Oh yeah yeah I’m fine” Ava said as she laughed it off. She felt her forehead which now had a small bump and was quite tender to the touch. 
“Let me help you up” Dash grabbed her arm and she couldn’t help but notice his eyes were even more green close up. 
“Oh honey that was no good!” Dorothy said. 
“Alright everyone ok?” Henry yelled. “Let’s take 5!” Ava couldn’t believe her fate. Falling on the tennis court in front of everyone. She was humiliated. Great start. 
------
“Dash it’s 5:30 get up!” Dash’s father knocked on his door. 
Dash felt like a child. Dad was coming to wake him up at 5:30 in the goddamn morning. But, this was tradition. Camp Nawaka tennis. Dash dragged himself out of bed, put on his athleisure wear, his expensive Nikes, and went to the kitchen for some coffee. Dash found his father, Robert, already sitting at the table drinking and looking out the window onto the lake. His father was a gruff man, quite stoic and cold. For his entire childhood Dash desperately tried to please him, but could never quite do it. Dash was still fighting that battle at 30. Playing tennis was the one thing that Robert respected Dash for because Dash was athletic. Dash knew that this made Robert happy so he went along with the charade. 
“I’m ready when you are,” Dash said. 
“Okay let’s go” Robert replied.
The two men made their way out of cabin 105 and down the road to the tennis courts. They did not speak on the walk and a shiver went down Dash’s spine as it was still the early moments of morning. He loved Camp Nawaka in the morning. It was quiet, peaceful, and you could hear the sounds of birds chirping. As they approached the courts they were the first ones there, as usual. The instructor named Henry Tiden was standing there waiting for them.
“Oh it’s the Fenweys! So happy you two could make it this morning! Robert, how's Elizabeth?” 
“Fine as always Henry. How are the kids?” Robert replied. 
“Oh they’re great great you know this job always does the trick, they love it out here they get to be here for the whole summer” Henry answered. 
Dash strolled down the court as his father and Henry continued their conversation. He hated inane small talk. It meant nothing. He began stretching. In truth, he hated these group tennis lessons, he didn’t need lessons, but Robert was paying. He watched as the Browns came down the road to join the group, a nice enough couple. He had known Chris for years and Bethany was alright. The Aster sisters followed, he remembered the summer he kissed Mary Aster in the lake---both sisters were both married now. He was not. Then, finally, the last two came down the road blonde, skinny, Dorothy Sumption and who the hell was with her? Dash stopped stretching. The girl was oddly striking. She looked young. Long brown hair that fell to her shoulders. She was wearing a pink sports bra and tight black shorts that made the blood rush through Dash’s veins a little faster. Who was she? Dorothy Sumption was kind of a bitch and had a reputation for being so. She usually came to camp Nawaka every summer with her awful children and her boring husband. Sometimes her parents came too, they were friends with Robert and Elizabeth, Dash’s parents. But usually, that was it. So who was this girl? Dash couldn’t look away. She seemed awkward, a little out of place, but beautiful nonetheless. He watched her carefully from across the court as Henry called out a variety of different exercises. They split up into 4. Him and his dad on one side of the court and the girl and Dorothy on the other. He wanted to practice his serve. This crowd of people was not looking too good at tennis. They did a few rounds although he could not help but watch the girl as she leapt and jumped for balls in the rotation. Finally it was back to him and he was serving to her. He bounced the ball a few times, the sun reflecting off his ball cap, and he knelt down and hit it hard across the net. He didn’t think he had hit it that hard but suddenly this girl was running for it and it was about to hit her smack in the head. She fell to the ground. 
“Fuck!” Dash said. 
“Oh great look what you did now this better not be a fucking lawsuit!” Robert said. 
“Oh dad relax” Dash ran across the court to help her up. 
“Oh my god I’m so sorry” She looked up at him a little dazed and a little embarrassed but nothing compared to how he felt right now. He couldn’t believe he just hit the cute girl in the head with a tennis ball absolutely unbelievable. 
“Everyone take 5!” Henry yelled. Dash didn’t know what to do with himself. He felt so bad. He couldn’t even serve a goddamn ball. 
------
The rest of the day Ava spent with the entire family. Getting the kids in their swimsuits was a task of its own. Ava was instructed to take the kids down to the lake and Dorothy and Scott would meet them there. Ava could not stop thinking about earlier that morning. She was so embarrassed. How could that have happened? She needed to get that moment out of her head. She kept replaying it, the ball coming towards her in slow motion. As Ava walked down the path holding the hands of the two blonde, blue eyed boys, a huge diaper bag on her shoulder, she felt like their mother----although she looked nothing like them----another thing that made her feel out of place. She was probably a better mother to them than their real mother was. As they got down to the water suddenly she felt all eyes on her. Many families were at the beach. Mothers playing in the sand with their babies, fathers drinking beer in beach chairs, and kids playing in the water. As soon as Ava stepped onto the premises, everyone turned to look at her. Everyone down at the beach seemed to know each other. No one knew who she was. This was worse than her high school cafeteria. As Ava got Teddy into his floaties and Charlie gripped her leg, a mother adjacent looked on with disapproving eyes. 
        “Excuse me” the woman inquired. “Do I know you?”
        “Oh uh I don’t think so” Ava replied struggling to keep track of the kids while being interrogated. “My name’s Ava I’m here with the Sumptions.”
        “Oh well clearly, those are their children” the woman scoffed. “Are you a relative?” 
Why did this woman care who she was? She felt herself getting red in the face. Again. 
        “No I’m the Nanny” Ava hesitantly replied. 
        “Oh the Nanny?” The woman laughed. “Classic Dorothy, and god love her, but bringing a Nanny on vacation!” The woman continued to laugh. Ava blushed crimson. She slowly moved away from the woman as Charlie began running toward the water. She grabbed Teddy and picked him up before he could follow suit. Charlie’s small feet rapidly flew through the sand. Ava felt her job flashing before her eyes. Child found dead in the lake---- nanny at fault. She could see the headline now. 
        “Charlie stop!” She yelled after him. “You have to wait for your dad to go in!” Charlie kept running. Flustered, Ava ran after him towards the water. People on the beach stared at the scene, unmoving, sneering even. Ava wanted to cry. Where the hell were Dorothy and Scott. Why was she being left to deal with two children alone in the water. It was dangerous. Charlie was heading toward the deep end. Ava was about to start yelling for help as she approached the edge of the water, when all of a sudden a man swam out to Charlie, grabbed him by his floaties, and pulled him back to shore. 
        “Oh my god” Ava sputtered, “Charlie don’t you dare do that to me! I told you to wait, you need to listen!” Ava exclaimed almost on the verge of tears. Charlie, completely unaffected, saw his mom coming down the road to the beach and ran to her, Teddy squirming out of Ava’s arms did the same. “Sorry about that” Ava looked up to the man who had just saved Charlie. “I can’t believe that just happened, thanks so much for grabbing him.” As she said it she realized he was the younger man from earlier on the tennis courts. The one that had smacked her right upside the head. This was not happening. This was turning out to be some kind of ridiculous cliche. How many people were at this camp? Two? She couldn’t help but stare now that he was this close up. Tall, brunette, and older than she had thought.  She looked up and noticed how intently he was staring back at her. His piercing green eyes had an intensity behind them. She found herself unable to look away. Ava wondered if this man had a family of his own. 
        “Hey it was my pleasure,” Dash replied. “I really think I owe you one after this morning. I’m really really sorry about that by the way.”
        “Oh don’t even worry about it, that was my fault” Ava answered. She felt her cheeks flushing red. She needed to wear a mask or something for how often her cheeks turned red. She hated how often that happened to her. 
        “Well I feel bad I couldn’t stop thinking about it all morning” Dash said/
        “Seriously don’t worry I’m totally fine” Ava said. “I should probably get back to my situation.” She laughed nervously and looked back at the beach where Dorothy, Charlie, and Teddy calmly sat on the blanket. Ava could tell Dorothy was eyeing the two of them with quite a furrowed brow. She had to get away before Dorothy started asking questions. 
        “Well hopefully I’ll see you around, I’m Dash by the way” Dash said. “And don’t worry about those bitchy mothers they’re like that all the time.”
        “Oh, right.” Ava cringed, and Dash continued to smile. “ Yeah ok I’m gonna go,” she said. 
“What was your name again?” Dash asked.  
“Oh right it’s Ava” she scrambled away back up the beach sand particles flying in her wake. 
“Why were you talking to Dash Fenway?” Dorothy immediately asked upon Ava’s return to the blanket.
“Oh he was just apologizing for hitting me in the head this morning” Ava did not feel like telling Dorothy Charlie might have almost just drowned. 
“Oh right well he’s a little old for you don’t you think!” Dorothy laughed. Ava did not. Maybe Dorothy was joking but her words were filled with a specific type of venom. 
--------
Dash was enjoying a nice day at the lake when all of a sudden, there she was again. Pink sports bra girl or rather the girl he had pummeled with a tennis ball right smack in the forehead just hours earlier. Stumbling down the beach with the two kids and a huge bag on her shoulder, Dash couldn’t help but smile at the scene. She looked overwhelmed, flustered even. The Sumptions had a reputation around here for not being able to control their children. Last summer Charlie had an unforgettable temper tantrum in the dining hall at dinner that everyone at family camp would be sure to remember for the rest of time. Dash adjusted himself on his beach chair to get a better look. Suddenly he heard her yelling “Charlie stop, Charlie!” When he noticed the kid was running into the water against her wishes, Dash leapt from his chair and bolted into the lake  without thinking twice. Not only was this a way to redeem himself from the tennis ball fiasco that morning, but this kid was going to drown and no one else on the beach seemed to care. He swam out and grabbed a kicking and screaming Charlie by the shoulders. Easy enough. He dragged the kid to land and placed him down right in front of her. He hadn’t really gotten a chance to look at her up close until this very moment. She was petite. He couldn’t help but glance down quickly at her figure in a blue one piece bathing suit. There was just something about her. She glanced up at him intently and thanked him profusely for saving Charlie. He knew it was a good idea. He explained that it was the least he could do after that morning. She couldn’t be more than 20. Her long brown hair flowed down her back and small beads of sweat dripped down her furrowed brow. He could tell she was not like the fellow guests lounging along the lake side. She stuck out like a sore thumb but he liked that about her. She didn’t look like all these snobby bitches sitting on the beach all day with judgmental beady eyes. These people regarded him well because of his parents, at least on the surface, who knew what they actually thought about him? Every summer the same people always wanted to know why he didn't have a girlfriend, a wife, kids, hell even a boyfriend would be better than nothing. He already heard it twice a day from his mother. Most of the people his age who came back year after year had families of their own now. Dash wasn’t even sure he wanted a family, but sitting on the beach surrounded by kids while he sat with his own parents made him feel like he stuck out just as much as this girl. 
Her name was Ava. It rolled off his tongue. She was a palindrome. He stood in the calm water at the edge of the shore, in the place she left him, standing there for a while. Dash dug his toes into the wet sand burrowing them underneath the grains. Whenever he took interest in a woman it never lasted. He didn’t want to admit to himself why that was. He wanted to know more about Ava ---where she was from. Was she in school? How old she was. She was the only thing at this camp that was something different. Every single year it was the same bullshit. The same people, the same meals, the same chatter, Dash could barely stand the monotony. Until this morning. This morning everything changed and he couldn’t get the colors out of his head. She looked like a painting, the blues of her suit mixing with the browns in her hair. He thought about what she might look like on a canvas. 
-------
Dorothy’s idea of a vacation was doing yoga in a studio that overlooked the water. It was a place she could escape from her family and especially her husband. Dorothy and Scott Sumption were next door neighbors when they first met. Scott was a handsome college graduate and Dorothy having just graduated from Princeton herself, was desperate to settle down. She wanted to get that part out of the way in order to have a career that she always dreamed of. She got the job, the house, the kids, but she still wasn’t happy. Her children had problems and she knew it too. She used her work as a place for avoidance. She was not thrilled to be spending all this time with just her family. It was unnatural to her. Unfortunately, camp Nawakwa was tradition. She had been coming ever since she was a little girl. Dorothy was an only child and she often looked forward to trips to the Camp each August. She was a bit of a party girl and she loved sneaking out after dark quietly through her cabin, past her parents bedroom to meet up with her friends, drink by the lake, and sleep with a new hot boy each summer. Now Dorothy was an adult---whatever that meant. She had responsibilities, she had kids. Dorothy didn’t want to bring just anyone on vacation with them, she needed someone young and pretty who would fit in at family camp but who wouldn’t overshadow her. So, at the beginning of the summer they gave their full time nanny a break and decided to hire Ava. 
Dorothy liked Ava’s obedience. Dorothy knew Ava came from a poor background and the world’s that Dorothy existed within were foreign to a girl like her. Dorothy could tell that Ava felt somewhat out of place that morning on the tennis courts, but she was sure not to go too much out of her way to make Ava feel at home. She wanted to assure that Ava knew her place. It was a privilege that Dorothy had asked her there. Dorothy yearned to be in college again where her only worries were surrounded by who she would be hooking up with that coming weekend. Dorothy sat on the beach blanket and watched Ava play with her kids. She didn’t like it when Teddy would scream each time it was time for Ava to go home. She didn’t like how slim Ava looked in her blue one piece bathing suit. It didn’t matter, she probably bought it from Target anyway.
--------
After the kids were fast asleep and Dorothy and Scott were closed away in their room, Ava decided she needed to get out of there, she needed some air. She left the cabin tip toeing past their bedrooms, as the screen door of the porch slammed behind her. She winced, praying it didn’t wake anyone up. She quickened her pace down the long, wooded pathway, passing identical cabin after cabin. It was dark outside, but the moon guided her path and she wasn’t scared. Ava kept walking. Past the lake where all the women from earlier sat, with judging eyes. Past the playground, past the dining hall. Ava took a deep breath. She looked up at the trees. They were so green and full of summer. The color reminded her of the intensity of Dash’s eyes from earlier. Green and piercing. Why was she thinking about some random man? He was probably old enough to be her father. Not that she even had one. She turned a corner and saw a very small pathway lined with trees that to the naked eye was almost impossible to spot. She followed the path, and even though it was a little spooky she felt at peace. The path opened up onto a small dock on an isolated part of the lake. She was completely alone and surrounded by nature. She felt like she could breathe again. She decided that this was going to be her spot. It felt like a safe haven away from the kids and all the noise. Ava always thought about what she wanted to do with her life. The whole summer Dorothy had made small comments to her about how she should get a job in finance and make the money her mother was never able to provide. Ava knew what people thought of her, but frankly she didn’t care all that much. She sat down on the wooden planks, the nails slightly pushing into her thighs. She put her feet in the water and she could see her own reflection against the light of the moon. Looking down she saw herself and she looked tired, almost melancholy. She made waves with her feet getting rid of what she saw as fast as she could. She wondered what her mother was doing. She was probably at the diner working. Ava pulled her knees to her chest and closed her eyes and for just a second she felt like she was floating. All of a sudden she heard a voice. 
        “Hello?” It was a deep voice. Ava, so startled in an effort to get up as fast as possible, tripped on the nail sticking out of the board and fell head first into the lake. She sputtered for air and suddenly she felt the arms of a man around her. She squirmed away from him screaming spitting water as he screamed back. 
“Ava? It’s Dash ! It’s Dash, don't be scared!” He sputtered. 
Ava  swam away from him towards the dock and pulled her soaked body from the dark water. Dash followed close behind. He climbed up on the dock and they looked at each other startled and confused. Ava began to laugh. So did he. 
        “What the fuck” Ava managed through her laughter. “Are you some sort of stalker or what” she had nothing to lose at this point. 
        “Stalker!? What! I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to scare you!” He sputtered. This was getting to be absolutely absurd. Three times in one day?
“Is this like your M. O. saving people from the water? You should be a lifeguard or something” Ava laughed.  
“Oh god I’m really sorry for scaring you, it's just that no one ever comes out here, let alone at this hour. Besides this is kinda my spot”  Dash explained. 
        “Your spot?” Ava was surprised. 
        “Yeah I love it, it's a little escape. I always love coming out here” Dash smiled. 
        “Well I had no idea you owned the property” Ava smiled back.
        “I definitely do not own the property” Dash responded. 
“Well then I guess I’ve got equal rights to the dock” Ava answered. 
They sat, side by side completely soaked, looking at the lake glisten with the shine of the moon on their backs and the open lake in front of them. Ava had no idea who this man really was but she felt peaceful for some reason. They were both soaked but neither one of them moved an inch. Ava did not believe in fate but she was starting to wonder how two people could possibly run into each other this many times in one single day. 
“Where are you from” Ava asked timidly. 
“Connecticut, but I live in New York City if you can believe it” Dash smiled, his teeth shining in the moonlight. He seemed proud he was a real city boy. “What about you?”
“New York also but just outside the city” Ava said. She was always just a little bit embarrassed to say it. Where she lived definitely did not have the same allure as the city that never sleeps. 
“Oh wow New York girl so all this must feel kind of foreign to you” Dash replied.
“Oh not really I mean like I said I’m outside the city so where I live is pretty much in nature” Ava explained. 
“Right right, so why the hell are you really here anyway?” Dash looked at her soaking wet hair. He felt the urge to pull it out of her face but he resisted. 
“Well if you couldn’t tell from earlier I have the wonderful job of being the nanny” Ava signed. She wondered what he thought of her. She wondered why he was still even sitting there at all. 
“A respectable position seriously. No way in hell I could work for Dorothy fucking Sumption” Dash laughed at the thought. Ava laughed too. 
“Wow bold statement” She replied. 
“Well I mean don’t quote me on that one but the whole family is definitely a piece of work” Dash said. “Are you back from college or what drew you to the Sumptions?” Dash asked. Ava froze for a second. He thought she was in college. I mean I guess she was going into college. It was basically the same thing. She didn’t know if she would be able to go. She and her mom had decided that she was going to take a year off no matter what. She really didn’t know exactly what her future looked like at this point and it scared her. She didn’t want to get into all that with Dash it felt too heavy. 
“Oh well I just needed a job for the summer I’m going into college and all I’m not sure where I’m going yet I might take the year off first to figure some stuff out.” Ava explained. She didn’t want to tell him she might not be able to go because her mom couldn’t afford it. “So what’s your deal? Who are you here with?” Ava asked. She was attempting to steer the conversation far away from her. 
“Well it’s pretty embarrassing and definitely not as noble as your job, but I’m actually here with my parents and sister and her horrible fiance” Dash explained. “I like to call him Ken cause to me he looks like a Ken doll.” This was Dash’s most prideful joke apparently. 
“Ken doll interesting. Well I mean you definitely look young enough to be here with your entire family” Ava joked.
“Oh she’s funny too” Dash laughed. “I know it sounds bad for a 30 year old to be on vacation with his parents like this, but it’s family tradition so I’m here I do it every year to make them all happy” Dash glanced at her to see if she flinched at his age, but she seemed calm just listening. 
“No it’s not bad it’s kind of nice you like your family enough to keep coming back and besides, if my family came here I would take advantage of it” Ava looked into the water. She wasn’t surprised that he was 30. Ava thought about her mom. They never went anywhere like this together. She missed her. She couldn’t imagine growing up coming to a place like this. They came from such different worlds. 
“Your family should come up here, there's plenty of room!” Dash smiled. Ava didn’t. 
“Yeah well we couldn’t even come close to affording this type of vacation place and besides it’s just me and mom anyway.” Ava all of sudden felt quite vulnerable and she didn’t like it all that much. “Sorry I don’t know why I’m telling you all this” she muttered. 
“No I asked and besides it’s not all what it's chalked up to be” Dash said. “I definitely do not like my family enough to be here, but the guilt is what really gets me coming back, but this is a weird place for sure. The people that come here love to judge and they love their traditions. As snobby as it all looks they actually are that snobby. Oh and of course tennis!” Dash said. 
“Oh yeah that 6am tennis is so much fun!” Ava said sarcastically. 
“You weren’t bad out there today” Dash smiled.
“Besides sticking out like a sore thumb yeah maybe” Ava rolled her eyes. “It really looked like you needed lessons though” Ava said. “I mean you can barely keep the ball on the court.”
“Oh god stop reminding me! I hope you’re being sarcastic after everything my father has put me through” Dash smiled. The two of them sat in silence for a moment. Everything was so still. Ava didn’t want to move, but she was nervous Dorothy might notice she had gone. 
“You see those ripples out there in the lake?” Dash said. 
“Yes,” Ava said. I mean it was water of course there were ripples. 
“The truth is I love this spot because when I was a kid I used to come out here and paint the water at night I’ve got like a million sketches of this very spot.” Dash said. 
“Oh woah so he’s a painter too?” Ava said. 
“Not exactly” Dash paused, “It’s kind of a long story I’ll tell you another time.” Ava wondered if maybe there was even more to him then she initially had thought. She didn’t want to push him though and she knew she needed to get back. 
“Well it’s getting late I should probably get back to the cabin” Ava stood up dripping. Dash followed suit. 
“I’ll walk with you,” Dash said.
“Oh you don’t have to,” Ava replied. 
“I’m going that way anyway and I am soaking wet” Dash smiled. They began their walk back towards the cabins. Side by side. Ava felt like she was in a movie of some kind. They walked past the beach, the playground, the dining hall. They walked into the wooded area with all the cabins and the moonlight guiding their path. Ava liked him. She felt powerful for some reason like no rules applied. If this was a movie she was going to take full charge of it, she might as well, what was there to lose? 
“Well this is me” Dash said. “Where’s your cabin I can walk you the rest of the way.”
“Don’t worry Dash I’m a big girl I’m just at cabin 110 thank you though” Ava said. 
“I hope to see you around. I'm sure I will,” Dash looked down at her. 
“Definitely hopefully I’m not covered in kid spit when you do” Ava immediately regretted putting that image into his head. Dash laughed though which made her feel more at ease. Ava walked down the path and did not look back. 
Ava quietly snuck into the cabin assuring that the door did not slam like it did on the way out. She carefully went into her room and locked the door. She stripped down to her underwear and put her wet clothes in the bathroom. She slid on a sweatshirt and climbed into bed. She lay there looking up at the ceiling. What a strange night. She had just talked on the dock of a lake with a random 30 year old man and disclosed a lot about herself, or so it felt that way. She turned on her side and pulled the blue duvet up to her neck. Was it weird to be attracted to a man that much older than her? Men did it all the time with younger women and it was never questioned, so what would be bad about it? She brushed the thought away, he probably thought she was a child. She closed her eyes and replayed the evening in her head the images flashing through her mind like a movie. 


--------
        Dash thought he was going down to the dock to escape his family and sit out on his favorite spot. His dinner consisted of the ken doll Carter kissing his dad's ass the entire time and wafting his wine like an asshole. His mother Elizabeth spent the dinner showing pictures from their most recent trip to Europe. Dash couldn’t think of a snobbier conversation. He didn’t understand how he turned out to be the runt of the family even though he was the one with the big time job, the money, the success. All the material things his parents had raised him to be in search of in his adult life seemed meaningless next to Linda and Carter’s perfect engagement. Dash resented her for it and couldn’t help himself. She was the fuck up when they were kids she partied and broke the rules but she was still daddy’s favorite. Dash always felt worse after these family vacations his ego shattered. He hated constantly searching for his father’s approval. He didn’t understand why he still cared this much at 30, but he did. There was nothing he could do about that. After dinner Dash let the screen door slam--- he really needed to get away from them. Dash discovered his secret spot on the dock when he was a teenager. When he was younger the family used to get into awful fights and Dash needed to escape to a place that no one could find him. It was one day after one of those terrible family fights and Dash couldn’t take it anymore. He ran all the way down to the docks through the trees onto a path and all of a sudden in the clearing there was a small dock completely hidden. He decided that would be his spot. From then on out, year after year, Dash would always go out there and sit on the dock and put his feet in the water. He liked to go at night because he found it to be the most peaceful time. He liked to bring his sketch pads out there and paint or draw the lake when it was dark. He loved the way the moonlight hit the water creating ripples reflected by the moon. There was never a soul in sight; he felt like he was the only person on earth and he liked it that way. 
So, when he decided to go to his spot after dinner he definitely was not expecting to find Ava sitting there by herself. When Dash walked up he was completely startled so he reacted off impulse. He did not mean to startle her. He felt so bad when she fell into the water he immediately went in after her. She was screaming and yelling and hitting him. He realized midway through this interaction how bad this could look from the outside. An older man and a younger girl struggling and holding her in the lake as she screamed. Definitely not a good look. He instantly let go of her and tried to reassure her he wasn’t trying to hurt her only to help. He could not believe he had managed to embarrass himself again. When they pulled themselves back onto the dock Dash was relieved to find that Ava was laughing. What a bizarre situation, it felt like he couldn’t escape this girl, but for good reason. She was so pretty, her hair was all wet falling against her shoulders, the small droplets dripping down her wet shirt. He took a deep breath and looked over at her. He felt oddly comfortable around her, almost like he knew her from a different time or something. She was funny too and he liked that she teased him about his age and coming from her it didn’t sound too bad. Dash soon realized that she probably didn’t come from money and felt kind of like an idiot for suggesting her family should come up to the camp, but how was he supposed to know? He was almost relieved that she didn’t come from some traditional conventional bullshit household like he did. He couldn’t stand the rich people vibe that coursed through the veins of his everyday existence. He couldn’t believe how long they sat there. His wet clothes clung to his sides but he didn’t care; he wanted to sit there all night. Dash never talked about his painting so telling her about the ripples, even though it was a small stupid memory from his childhood meant a lot to him. When she stood to go he watched the moon hit her face ever so lightly. She looked like a painting again. He felt silly for offering to walk her home, but he didn’t know the protocol. As they came upon his cabin he watched her walk away into the distant wood. She did not turn back. Dash let the door close behind him and he took a seat on the screened in porch. The old yellow cushion squashed beneath his weight. He slowly removed his shoes and eventually his wet socks to discover his pruney toes. There was a chill in the air and he went inside tip toeing to his room like a mouse. The whole house was asleep--- as Carter probably needed his beauty rest. He walked into his massive room and closed the door. Taking off all his clothes he turned on the shower and got in. Letting the boiling hot water fall all over his skin Dash thought about Ava. He had never felt truly old in his life until this very moment. How was he going to keep up with her without seeming creepy? That was never his intention. Dash felt like a child trapped in a man’s body. He rubbed his face under the water. He couldn’t believe how many times that day he had scared her. He needed to figure out a way to meet on purpose. 
-------
Ava woke up to the sounds of screaming as usual. She pulled herself out of bed to go tend to the kids as Dorothy and Scott decided to sleep in. There was no tennis that morning, but Ava was disappointed because that meant no Dash. As she got the kids all ready for the lake, her mind was somewhere else. She wondered how she could possibly get another moment with him to herself. She walked down to the lake one kid in each hand and let the screen door slam hoping it would wake Dorothy and Scott out of oblivion and possibly into parenthood. 
“Why are you taking us to the water? I want mommy” Charlie whined. 
“I know but Mommy and Daddy are sleeping right now and they told me to bring you guys here and they will come as soon as they wake up” Ava explained. 
“Why are you even here, you aren’t my family I hate you” Charlie spat. 
“Well that’s too bad you’re just going to have to deal with it” Ava spat back. She resisted the urge constantly to call him an asshole. She felt like an asshole herself, feeling that much rage towards a 4 year old couldn’t be healthy----but he really was an asshole. She definitely didn’t need yet another man in her life rejecting her. They got to the playground and she let the kids run free their feet kicking up the sand. She sat on a bench and watched Charlie like a hawk to make sure he wasn’t bullying any of the other kids attempting to play nicely. She noticed a mom eyeing her from across the sandbox she hadn’t seen her before. Suddenly the woman began walking towards her and Ava's heart was beating. Oh Great, she thought. Here we go again another mom coming to torture her. 
“Hi I’m Mallory. You look way too young to be someone’s mom” She smiled. Ava was shocked at her kindness. 
“Oh definitely not a mom” Ava answered, “I’m just here with the Sumptions for a while looking after those rugrats.”
“That’s very noble of you. My husband’s family has been coming here forever and I’m still not quite used to the whole scene” Mallory replied.
“Yeah it’s definitely unique and I’m a bit out of place” Ava said. 
“Don’t worry you’re doing great no one fits in here except the people that do” Mallory smiled again. “Well I better go grab her” She pointed to her daughter crying. “It was nice to talk to you” She walked away. 
“Yes you too!” Ava replied. Maybe this place wasn’t so bad. Ava watched Teddy and Charlie run in the playground as a cool breeze whipped through the camp. Ava looked out at the water and there he was. He might as well have been taking his shirt off in slow motion. The breeze blew through his dark hair effortlessly. His body was toned and muscular but not too muscular. Now that was a real man Ava thought to herself. Any boy she had ever been with was a loser. They were all skinny or smoked too much weed, or was an athlete who didn’t really give a shit about her. She had never had a crush on a man. At least until right now. She locked eyes with him for a split second and immediately turned her head the other way. Now where was Teddy her heart skipped two beats as she scanned the playground area. It was not that big so where the hell was he? She yelled Charlie’s name and he came towards her. “Where is Teddy? Tell me right now!” she panicked. 
“I’m not going to tell you loser” Charlie replied. She could have smacked him. Her heart began racing even more. She ran into the playground calling Teddy’s name. Eventually a small blonde head popped out from the slide and there he was. She could have cried. She grabbed Teddy and held him closely. Ava could not imagine the horror of losing a kid right now and all because she was too busy looking at some old guy----what a joke. Ava looked at the time---Dorothy and Scott should have been there by now. An hour later after sitting miserably near the playground as the kids cried and whined their parents finally came down to the lake with snacks and swim gear and everything one could want. The kids ran to their parents in full force leaving Ava in the dust as usual. She thought about her mom. Her mom was always working when she was a kid, but she always managed to carve out time for Ava. These parents are terrible at it. She felt a longing in her heart that she hadn't in a long time for her own mother. She brushed away the feeling and walked towards the family that she didn’t belong to. 
-------
Dash started his morning with a cup of coffee and sat on the porch. He knew he would make it down to the lake eventually and he hoped he would see her. He went out to the porch to find his wet socks from the night before now sitting dry like raisins in the morning sunlight. It was still early and no one was awake yet. This is truly how he preferred his family ---when they were all still asleep. The peace didn’t last long as he heard murmurs coming from the kitchen. Carter emerged out onto the porch. 
“Good morning buddy! Fantastic morning!” Carter smiled. Dash wanted to punch him in the face. He knew it was totally irrational, but this guy was wearing flamingo swim trunks. “Hello” Dash managed. 
“Linda and I heard you come in late last night! What were you up to my man” Carter raised his eyebrows. Gross. Dash did not want to talk to this douche. 
“Nothing really man just out for a night walk to get a little peace and quiet” Dash looked directly at him but Carter was unphased. Linda came out and gave Carter a long kiss right in front of him.
“Jesus go back to your room if you’re going to do that” Dash said. 
“Can you relax you’re literally such a killjoy” Linda glared at him, her blue eyes squinting to shoot darts at his forehead. 
“Well that concludes my morning” Dash stood up. “I’ll see you guys down at the lake.” Dash grabbed his bag and left his socks right where they were. As he walked down the path he heard his mother yelling something after him, but he kept walking. He peeled his eyes for Ava but she was nowhere to be seen on the path. He smelled the trees and took it in. It really was a beautiful place, it was too bad it had to get swept up in all the extra bullshit. He found a spot on the beach next to the lake and the sand felt hot and nice beneath his toes. He turned to the side and there she was. Sitting on a bench at the playground of course. He could recognize her just from her back. Suddenly she turned to look his way and then looked away instantly. He smiled. He must have made her nervous and that was exciting. He ran into the water and completely submerged. It was cold and all encompassing. It seemed that water was the only way to distract him from this girl. He put his head under.        
--------
“Dashall please pass the wine darling,” Elizabeth said. Dash hated when his mother called him Dashall. It was so formal he wanted to die. 
“How was everyone’s day” Elizabeth wondered. 
“Well Carter and I took this lovely little hike around the lake ---you know that path mom. Then we took a nice swim, had a lovely lunch and just did some reading. I had a work call you know just the usual” Linda blabbed on. 
“It really was a lovely day Elizabeth and Robert how about yours” Carter smiled widely and shot Dash a look. Dash saw right through his nice boy act. 
“Oh Carter, thanks for asking son. Well I read some and I did some canoeing as I always do. I played some golf and had a martini afterward.” Robert looked at his son expectadely. “I’m sure Dash probably sat around doing nothing all day.” Dash couldn’t believe him, but then again he could. It was so classic--sitting around the dinner table calling Carter “son” and being so oddly passive aggressive to his own biological son. 
“Well yeah I just sat around on my ass all day like the delinquent that I am because God Forbid anyone relax on vacation right” Dash said. 
“Oh please Dashall not with that language at dinner” Elizabeth said. Robert shook his head at Dash and turned back to Carter. 
“So Carter, tell me about the business, how's it going?” Robert asked. He never asked Dash anything about his job or really anything about his life for that matter. Dash wondered why he even bothered. 
“Oh yes Carter, tell Daddy about the new deal you’re in the middle of!” Linda coaxed. Dash studied his sister’s perfect face. How could she have turned out like this. She used to be fun and wild and free. He missed that Linda. Not the Linda that was sitting in front of him with a huge well crafted, perfectly polished, stick up her ass. Dash suffered through the rest of dinner and had to bite his tongue on multiple occasions. He wondered how he always landed here. Year after year. The same bullshit. He always thought he could handle it, but the more time he kept coming back the more it just got worse. 
“Dash you haven’t said a word in ages” Linda said while they were finishing dessert. 
“Oh well maybe that’s because your fiance has been running his mouth this entire time” Dash regretted the words as soon as they came out of his mouth. 
“Are you kidding me, how old are you?” Linda looked at him with disgust. 
“No no he’s right I really have been talking your ears off!” Carter apologized. 
“Please no need for that. My son is being an absolute jerk. It’s probably because he’s jealous of your deal!” Robert glared at Dash. 
Dash could not contain himself. “This happens every single time. I can’t win, I really can’t.”
“Oh Dash please stop it, stop it people are starting to stare” Elizabeth’s eyes welled with tears. Dash rolled his into the back of his head. She always did this during fights. 
        “Yeah well let them I am so over it” Dash stood up and pushed his chair into the table and stormed out. He knew what they would say about him once he was gone. He knew his mother would excuse herself to the ladies room, wipe her tears and pretend this never happened. He knew his father would apologize purposely to Carter and he knew his sister would curse him out behind his back. Leaving the dining hall he passed many families eating and drinking and pretending. He stormed right past Ava and he didn’t even notice her--- that’s how angry he really was. He walked down the path and towards the lake he didn’t have any idea where he was going. He didn’t care, he just needed to cool off. He couldn’t stop thinking about how fake it all was. That’s all this place was a big pile of pretending pieces of crap. It’s such a shame because it was all disguised so beautifully. 
        -------
        Ava sat outside the dining hall with Teddy alone. The rest of them were inside trying to get Charlie to eat. Teddy was easy when he was alone. He didn’t speak much, but he was loving and he listened which was shocking considering what a terrible role model of a brother he had. He was about the only one that listened to her. They sat in a chair on the lawn just outside. Ava thought he might want to run in the grass or walk down to the playground, but he seemed perfectly content just sitting in her lap. She held him close and smelled his head which still had that faint baby smell. 
“Well what do you think Ted” Ava asked him. Teddy looked up at her with big eyes. He kind of shrugged. Ava swore that when she talked to Teddy he could understand her. She knew that his parents thought he didn’t understand much, but they were not giving him enough credit. 
        “You really scared me earlier when I couldn’t find you” She told him. “That guy was the reason though. I was all distracted.” She smiled down at Teddy, her only confidant. All of a sudden someone burst through the doors of the dining hall. There he was again. He looked furious and upset. She wanted to say something, but she didn’t have the words--- she barely knew the guy. “Ted that’s him that’s the guy” She pointed to show Teddy and Teddy tried to get up and follow him, but Ava held him close. She wondered where he was heading; it looked like down toward the lake. She didn’t know what had happened. She was desperate to figure it out. 
-------
        Dash ran down to the lake and took off all his clothes; he didn’t care if anyone saw him. He jumped into the water. It was freezing and dark but at least his family wasn’t in there with him. He lay on his back floating and looked up at the stars. He wondered how much longer he would be able to last here with these awful people. He was too much of a coward to actually leave though and he knew it. He knew that his blow up at dinner was not a win for him. If anything it just proved them all right. He didn’t want to be known as that guy, but they pushed him to that place, they always did, they always had. Suddenly lying there in the water his eyes filled with tears. He hated to cry. The salt water ran from his eyes streaming like a river to the ocean and eventually landing in the water beside him. He dunk his head mixing his tears with the cold dark water and let out a long ferocious scream into the darkness of the lake which of course no one could hear as it was muffled and underwater. He came up for breath. 
        “Dash ! Dash! What the fuck are you doing?” It was Linda. She was about the last person he wanted to see right now. 
        “Just leave me alone” he spat at her. 
        “No! I’m not going to do that” Linda shouted. 
“You have nothing nice to say to me anymore so just go” Dash replied.
“Is that really what you think of me?” Linda said. 
“You should see yourself with Carter. I don’t even recognize you anymore” Dash said. 
“Ouch.” Linda said. “I don’t like that you feel that way and I’m sorry about tonight. Can you just please come out of there so we can have an adult conversation!”
“I’m just busy here right now,” Dash said. 
“Fine!” Linda began walking towards the water. 
“Now what the fuck are you doing dude” Dash yelled. 
        “If you won’t get out I’m coming in” Linda swam out to her brother the middle of the lake fully clothed. He couldn’t believe his sister was doing this, but she did always have the tendency of surprising him. She floated out to where he was and lay on her back floating in the water to mimic his position. 
        “Linda, you didn’t have to do that,” Dash said. 
        “I know but you refused to come out” Linda sighed heavily. “This water is fucking freezing” she laughed. 
        “Listen I’m sorry about tonight I just don’t know how you can sit there and take it-- their bullshit all of them” Dash tried to explain himself. 
        “I know but this is our family, this is our life and you might think Carter is an airhead, but I love him and you have to accept that. Dad is an asshole and mom will never change and it’s sad but you have to pick yourself up from your baby boy boot straps and grow up. What else can you do? I can’t cut them out of my life entirely, it's impossible. You have to just play nice until you don’t have to see them and you really don’t have to see them very often. I love you but you’re spoiled and you want to complain, but you want your fancy vacation too. You can’t have it both ways. I love you and I’m sorry but it’s just the truth. I need to get out of here before my fingers fall off. There’s a party tomorrow night across the lake at the Hicks house and we should go. Buck up kiddo.” Linda swam back to the dock, shook off the water, and scurried away. Dash was left there dumbfounded in the water. Linda had a way of just getting to the point sometimes. She didn’t even wait for a response, she just said it all and left the building. Dash’s fingers and toes were prunes by now completely wrinkled. He knew he should get out and go home to face the music. He slowly dragged himself from the cold water and onto the shore. He peeled his clothes from the beach and put them onto his body one item at a time. His shirt stuck to his wet skin, he hated that feeling more than anything. He couldn’t bear to put his shoes on so he walked all the way home barefoot. The feeling of cool concrete beneath his toes was a good distraction from the sticky wet shirt clinging to his back. He walked through the woods to the cabins and prayed everyone was already in bed. 
--------
        Ava had to put the kids to sleep that night upon Dorothy’ command. Sometimes when Dorothy spoke to her there was quite an edge that Ava could not place. Dorothy was her boss so she kept her head down and did what she was told, but Dorothy’s niceness always felt manifested. As she crawled into bed she kept turning over and turning over thinking about him. She figured she could try and find a way to talk to him tomorrow maybe ask him where he was going? Would that be too intrusive? Maybe if it was just in casual passing in conversation. Ava gripped the quilt beneath her fingertips and slid her hand down between her thighs. 
----------
        Ava was up bright and early as planned, down by the water with the family. As she built sandcastles in the sand with Teddy, she couldn’t help herself from scanning the surrounding beach for him. By now the people were somewhat used to her, but it didn't stop them from giving her an occasional dirty look. Teddy threw sand up in the air, the small particles flying all around them. Dorothy was in the water with Charlie pretending to enjoy it and Scott, as usual, was nowhere to be found. Ava noticed the older man that was with Dash on the tennis court walking down the path towards the lake. That must be his father, she thought. He was a wrinkled older gentleman, but you could tell that he must have been handsome in his prime. He opened a chair and sat down with a paper in hand. Soon an older woman came to join him, after a younger woman and a man who wouldn’t stop kissing, and finally finally there came Dash. He looked fairly morose, but his pink trousers said otherwise. Ava couldn’t help but smile at the thought of a grown man in a pink bathing suit. She made careful notice not to make eye contact and focus on Teddy’s sandcastle. She sat a little straighter and arched her back just a little bit pushing her hair from her eyes. Dorothy walked over to see their progress. 
        “Oh Ted that’s a beautiful beautiful sand castle” Dorothy bent down to kiss Teddy one million times. It made Ava want to vomit. “Go get him his water from the bag now,” Dorothy said. Ava knew she was the nanny but she was not a personal server. Dorothy had little to no regard for Ava’s needs. Dorothy seemed to think that talking in a baby voice and kissing her son would make up for her lacking parenting skills. Ava despised that baby voice. “Tonight we’re having dinner with some friends across the lake so you need to put the kids to bed and take them to dinner earlier you got that?” Dorothy said. 
        “Yes will do” Ava said. Ava had been working her butt off for weeks. They barely gave her a second to breathe between tennis at 6am, swimming during the day and dinner and bed at night. Didn’t these parents want to spend any time at all with their children? Ava grabbed the sippy cup full of water and handed it to Dorothy who grabbed it out of her hands without a thank you. 
--------
        The next morning everyone pretended like nothing happened. In this case Dash appreciated being forgotten because he had no intention or desire to rehash his outburst from the night before. The whole family walked down to the beach. Carter and Linda all over each other like teenagers. They set up camp right by the water as usual and there she was making a sandcastle with a baby. The second he saw her his face blushed the color of his swim trunks. He hated this stupid pink bathing suit, he looked like Carter, but all the other ones were still wet. 
        “What are you looking at and why are you blushing?” Linda looked in Ava’s direction.        
        “Nothing, I'm just hot” Dash replied.        Dash lay his towel down on the sand and put his sunglasses on. She was wearing a bikini top and it was yellow. She wore cut off jean shorts and flip flops. He wanted to go talk to her. They hadn’t had any interaction since their run in on the dock. All that morning Linda kept pestering him about the party that night down at the Hicks place across the lake. Dash wondered if it would be inappropriate to invite her. Linda would definitely have something to say about it. Dash felt the hot sun on his skin and the warmth was enveloping. He wondered if he would be able to get her alone. He knew that Linda would judge him if he did but he didn’t care. Dash waited for a half an hour until he saw that Ava was sitting alone without Dorothy and without the kids. Dash got up from his heat soaked blanket and began walking towards her. She was organizing the stuff and beginning to lay a towel down herself. 
        “Hi, how's it going?” Dash said. 
“Oh hi it’s okay” Ava said. She looked surprised. 
“I just saw you sitting here all by yourself looking like a loner so I had to come save you” Dash said. 
“Hmm or maybe you’re just coming over here to save yourself from looking that way.” Ava replied. Dash enjoyed her quick responses and she wasn’t completely wrong. 
“Well I’ve got a proposition for you” Dash said. 
“Oh really?” Ava said. 
“So there’s this party tonight across the lake at the house of these kids I used to know growing up and my sister and her fiance really want to go and they are forcing me and they are pretty terrible company but, anyway it might not be your scene or it might be too many adults but I was just wondering if you wanted to tag along?” Dash heard the words coming out of his mouth he knew he was rambling. He didn’t want her to think this was a date or anything, just a casual invitation. Had he made it sound like that?
“Oh.” Ava paused. “I’ve got to put the kids to bed and I don’t think Dorothy would go for that but I’ll ask” She said. 
“Right duh totally understandable” Dash said. 
“If I can I’ll probably see you at dinner. I can let you know” Ava said. 
“Yeah, cool,” Dash said. 
Dash walked away. That went way differently in his head. What was he thinking she was a nanny here with a family. No one would ever approve of that. He shook his head and walked away, Ava’s gaze burning at his back hotter than the sun. 
--------
Ava had no idea how to approach the idea of a party with Dorothy. She knew that Dorothy liked to have her fun back in the day. That night before Dorothy and Scott were heading to dinner alone Ava decided it was now or never. The kids had already eaten and were in the other room watching a movie. 
“Hey Dorothy can I ask you something?” Ava said. 
“Give me one second I need to put on lipstick” Dorothy said. Ava patiently waited as she watched as Dorothy slowly picked her lipstick from her makeup bag. Dorothy moved the lipstick perfectly over her plump lips and shook her flowing blonde hair. Ava wondered what it would be like to have that much money and such little happiness. There must be an emptiness in that. 
“What did you want?” Dorothy said. 
“Oh well it’s totally okay if you’re not comfortable with it but that guy Dash invited me to a party later and I thought when you guys got home from dinner maybe I could go, but it’s definitely ok if not I just thought I would ask” Ava said. Dorothy paused for a second and raised her eyebrow. Ava could not read what was going through her head. She seems annoyed? Or maybe amused? 
“Oh Ava I think that would be highly inappropriate considering you have to be up early to watch the kids and I’m certainly not going to rush my dinner on account of you. Don’t go. I don’t think you can afford it” Dorothy said. “We’ll be back in a bit and make sure to put the kids to bed.” “Also isn’t Dash about 30? I think I’m closer in age to him than you!” Dorothy walked into the bathroom and shut the door before leaving. Scott was waiting outside. She looked in the mirror and took a deep breath. She knew how she had just come across, but why did Ava think she had the audacity to ask her that. This was Dorothy’s place. She used to be the party girl of summer, ever since she was a teenager. She was not going to let the babysitter take her place especially with an older guy. Dorothy knew Dash was handsome, much more handsome than her husband. Dorothy shook the thought out of her hand, fluffed her hair one more time licked her lips and left the bathroom and walked out the door to meet Scott for dinner. 
 Ava could barely believe her ears. Dorothy had never spoken that bluntly to her before. Ava had to stop tears from welling in her eyes. It was just a stupid party so why did she care so much? It wasn’t even about Dash although she had no idea how she would tell him she wasn’t going to make it; she didn’t even have his number. She felt ashamed for even asking in the first place. All Ava ever did was take care of those bratty kids and what did she get in return? What was the point of even wanting to fit in with these people anyway? Ava put the kids to sleep and sat on the couch patiently until Dorothy and Scott got home. When they did Scott immediately went into their room without acknowledging her. 
“Are they asleep?” Dorothy asked.
“Yes” was all Ava could manage. Dorothy nodded, gave Ava a look and closed the door to her room. Ava stayed put on the couch until she heard the faint sounds of Scott snoring and then walked out onto the porch. She could see the lights from across the lake and she could hear the beat of the music. That’s where Dash was right now probably having a great time. She thought about just going. Dorothy would never know but she had no idea where the party even was. Suddenly Ava heard a rustling in the branches and her heart stopped. She jumped back as she saw a figure emerging from the woods. 
“Ava?” It was Dash. 
“Jesus Christ you have to stop sneaking up on me” Ava said. 
“ I’m sorry I’m sorry” Dash said as he quietly opened the door to the porch to join Ava. 
“What are you doing here? Be quiet!” Ava whispered,“If Dorothy finds out you’re here she will kill me.” She pulled him over to the chairs at the edge of the porch to sit. 
“Oh shit sorry” Dash said. 
“Aren’t you supposed to be over there with all the lights and music?” Ava said. 
“Well I was there but you never got back to me and I didn’t see you at dinner so I figured it was a no go because of the kids” Dash said. 
“Yeah Dorothy was not a huge fan of the idea” Ava said. “In fact she was actually pretty adamantly against it.”
“Oh well I hope I didn’t cause any problems” Dash said. 
“No it’s fine just keep your voice down” Ava said. 
“Sorry” Dash whispered.
“How was the party? Did I miss anything spectacular?” Ava asked. 
“If you call a bunch of boring adults drinking fancy wine spectacular then yes it was absolutely spectacular” Dash said. 
“Damn really sounds like I missed out” Ava said. 
“Yeah I wish you had been there” Dash said. Ava blushed, she hoped he couldn’t see since it was so dark. 
“Yeah well, me too” Ava said. 
“Maybe we can sneak out one of these nights and actually do something instead of me continuing to scare the shit out of you” Dash said. 
“Yeah that would be nice” Ava laughed. 
“Alright well I’ll let you go to bed” Dash stood up to leave and Ava stood up too. 
“Right okay well I’ll see you soon” Ava said. 
“Yeah see you” Dash opened the porch door. 
“Wait,” Ava walked towards him. She stood in front of him and looked right into those big green eyes. She wrapped her hands around his neck and kissed him. He pulled her close, wrapping his strong arms around her. He was a man. They pulled away and she kept looking at him. They both smiled and Ava could not believe herself. Had she really just done that? 
“Wow,” Dash said. He looked down at her smiling. The moment felt frozen until suddenly they heard a creaking sound coming from within the house. 
“Fuck fuck you gotta get out of here now! Now!” Ava said. Pushing him out the door Dash ran down the path into the darkness. 
“Ava?” It was Dorothy’s voice. Ava wanted to die. 
“Oh hi Dorothy sorry I hope I didn’t wake you” Ava said. 
“What are you doing? Did I hear voices ??” Dorothy questioned. 
“No I just couldn’t sleep so I came out here to sit for a while” Ava lied. 
“Oh well I thought I heard voices I better not have heard voices” Dorothy looked like Cinderella’s evil step mother with the light of the moon shining on her face. 
“Sorry about that I’m not sure what you heard I’ve just been sitting here alone” Ava said. 
“Alright well I’m going back to bed and you should too” Dorothy said. 
“Yes of course” Ava stood up and went into the cabin closing the door to her room with Dorothy’s watchful eyes at her back. 
My Plan for the rest of the novel : Ava and Dash continue their romance but it is met with obstacles 1) his family hates her and the idea of him running around with the Nanny. Dash invites her to a dinner with his family that goes quite poorly 2)Dorothy proves to be the major obstacle in their relationship. Dorothy tells Dash that Ava needs to see him because something happened with her family and lures him to their cabin but that's a lie. She also tells Ava to come back to the cabin to get something for Teddy but when Ava does she finds Dash and Dorothy kissing and is heartbroken. There is a whole misunderstanding that unfolds because he pulls away immediately but Ava does not see that. 
Another idea is to have Dash need to give Ava a specific message that he asks Dorothy to tell her but she never does. I’m just not sure what that message might be? 
I’m also still struggling a bit with the end ? I know I want her to go back to her mom and have some realizations regarding her relationship with her mom but in terms of her relationship with Dash I’m still not 100 percent sure.