Chapter 1	Although it was the middle of December, today there would be rain, not snow that fell on Sandoval House. It came from the sky in thickets and melted the ice that had gathered on the hotel's eaves. In town, about fifteen miles from the house, a candy bar wrapper, the contents of which had been eaten as far back as October was revealed by the unexpected rain, pushing up from underneath the grey banks. No one had the chance to see its silver and red shine up from the grey of the rainstorm, not just because everyone in that small Iowa town was indoors drinking eggnog and cocoa, but because the work of the rain would be covered again by snow the very next day. 	Yes, what had seemed like quite the unexpected, even portentous event of a rainstorm in the midwest right at the midwinter yule would turn out to have really not made much of an effect on the small town at all. Tomorrow, the great winds would sweep down from the Manitoba north, pushing over trees and huffing out snow as it went. It made one think: what was the point of the rain, then? Was it not some type of omen sent from the heavens as one might have thought? 	But what if someone saw that candy wrapper, the silver and the red peeking up from the banks for only a few short hours, before it would be covered by a foot of snow. Even if it was just one person, for a moment, would the rain might have been for a purpose after all. Nobody saw the candy wrapper. But like the wrapper, the rain seemed to uncover things that had gone previously unseen. Unlike the wrapper, these things might have been best left uncovered in the hollow walls of Sandoval House, that strange hotel with a forgotten, musty history. 	Because unlike the wrapper, what lay beneath Sandoval House was not some innocuous, discarded thing, but a whole rat's nest of secrets. The one to find these things that winter, for better or worse, was the young woman Elaine Sandoval. She was unaware of what dark thing lay in the place she had grown up in her youth and would come to inherit when she was older, but it was her's nonetheless. When she looked back on it many years later, from out one of the windows of Sandoval House, she knew it had started that day that the rain had come, and had briefly unfrozen the snow, when the hedges in the yard and the prairies out yonder, and for an hour the rain had made it all become like a different colored world. 	Elaine's mother pretended to have "forgotten" her birthday again. The same thing happened every year, so much that it now felt old. On her eighth birthday Elaine realized something was wrong–it didn't make sense that this could happen every year. After all, Elaine's birthday was on the 23rd of December. It couldn't be so hard to forget a day that came right before Christmas Eve. On her thirteenth, after what had become in those early years an annual  confrontation, she felt tired of the whole thing. She almost didn't care anymore about why her mother was doing it. There came a new question: why did her mother always make them pretend? Today, on her fifteenth, she was back to being angry. Her birthday, Elaine decided, was now–and forever–the holiday for an angry celebration of the pile of shit her mother had built out of their lives. It was now a game, and the night before as she struggled to sleep, Elaine decided that she would rage against the game as best she could. 	Elaine made sure her mother heard her march down the stairs from her room on the second floor to the kitchen, where she was sure her mother was. After all, she was there every morning, an attentive woman every other day of the year save the 23rd of December. Elaine felt herself liking how quickly the kitchen door came open. There was her mother, sitting at the table with a mug of tea, examining a recipe sheet. 	Joanna Sandoval looked every part the good mother. In almost all aspects, she was. Elaine was fed, she'd been taught how to read, cook, and clean, she'd been sent to school in town. When she helped with the guests of Sandoval House, Joanna thanked her, and had begun paying her since her responsibilities around the hotel were becoming more important. Joanna was a mostly good parent–but to Elaine, she was also a brick wall or a hard wooden telephone pole. There was nothing to her. The only quirk, the only obvious eccentricity was this one, and it colored the rest of the year. 	Having heard her march down the stairs, her mother was already ready for her, a plastered glaze already over her eyes. Her voice was uninterested. 	"Good morning, sweetie," she said. She continued her dull stare at Elaine. 	That wasn't going to do this time. Elaine stared back, her hand still gripping the doorknob. An onlooker would know that these two woman–yes, woman, she was now fifteen and able to stand up for herself like she hadn't been able to before–didn't want anything to do with the other. Yet most days there were very few onlookers in Sandoval House, and no one that could speak back to her mother, Joanna. In moments like these more than most others, Elaine wished that she had a father that could whisper to Joanna that what she'd done was not right, and had to change. But this was the problem at the root of it all. No father.	 With another wash of frustration, Elaine found herself the impatient one. Having practiced it for years, her mother had become much too good at this game. 	"Do you remember what today is?" Elaine asked. 	"What today is," her mother said, like she didn't understand the question. 	This was part of the game, Elaine now understood: she'd have to say it first. 	"It's the 23rd again," she said. "It's my birthday." Elaine felt surprised with herself. She'd decided to be angry, but once again just felt tired. Anger came with the expectation that it could enact some sot of change. Evidently, there would be no change. 	Continuing to look at Elaine, her mother tapped her forehead with the top of her palm.	"Yes, that was it, sweetie. I knew I was forgetting something. This seems to happen every year. I can make you a cake if you want. I know that you like vanilla, not chocolate, but I think I might be out of vanilla from Ma Seifert's eggnog just last night, and because of the guests, I don't think I'll be able to make it out of the house today. Maybe a lemon meringue instead? It's been awhile, but..." as she continued on like this, Elaine could hear her mother getting into it, picking up steam as she went. There was something more offensive about this. Not only was she pretending there was no game, she had decided to smile to herself about it: Joanna Sandoval was winning. 	Elaine started off slow. "You have never not forgotten my birthday."	Her mother quieted, and Elaine repeated, this time louder. "You have literally never not forgotten my birthday." 	Now her mother spoked. "I'm sorry sweetie, I suppose the holiday season sometimes just makes me forgetful. I..."	"No," said Elaine. "No, it doesn't." She wasn't expecting it, but her eyes had clouded with tears. 	"What's the real reason? Why have you always done this? Why do you make me be the one that pretends like everything is alright, like you're a normal mother, one that remembers their daughter's birthday?" Now she was crying, and it made her angry that her mother was allowed to see her, vulnerable like that. 	Her mother's face was still. 	"What's the real reason?" Elaine asked again, her voice rising. 	Joanna opened her mouth, but no words came out. 	After Elaine's eighth birthday, she heard the first question enter her mind as she fell asleep. The question was singular: why? But such a question could be seen anywhere, once one gets looking. The other children at school's mothers seemed different than Joanna. She'd never seen her mother gossiping with any of the other mothers, outside the school waiting to pick up the children or at the diner where they all liked to go at nights. She certainly never spoke of Elaine with company, be it the people in town, the occasional guest at Sandoval House, or Ma Seifert, the hostess, or Papa Morejon, Elaine's grandfather. Joanna never talked about anything all that much, other than work, which there seemed to be an abundance of.	 Joanna seemed to be trying her best to pretend like she had no history or acquaintance. But she did, and Elaine knew it. She knew it in her whisperings with mean Papa Morejon, the strange, private guests that seemed to know Joanna from years back, and the calls on the playground where children with mothers that talked too much would sometimes call out to Elaine about how weird the other mothers thought of Joanna. And there was that one mystery that Elaine could never disconnect from her mother: who was her father, and why was he no longer at the house that bore his name Sandoval? 	Joanna flat refused to talk about Elaine's father. But that didn't stop mean Papa Morejon. When the old man heard Elaine mention his daughter's husband, he'd cackle and spit. 	"Wait till you find out, wait till she tells you," he said once after Elaine spent hours working up the courage to ask him. In his youth Papa had been something of a cattle herder a ways south of Sandoval House. In those days he drank considerable amounts. Those days hadn't changed much, except now he couldn't sit a horse and he'd quickly grow too tired to continue once he started drinking. 	A couple years before Elaine caught him on a summer night in that sweet area right before he fell asleep. Her mother had already gone off to bed before them, a rare occasion and the perfect time to do what she had to do. 	"Tell me about him," she said. Papa Morejon stank, but she shook him in his blanketed rocking chair. He wouldn't remember, and she wouldn't care anyways. 	"Who?" Papa asked in his stupor. 	Elaine slapped him across the face with her light fingers. She knew she wouldn't regret it:  hated the man. 	"Tell me about my father, old man. Tell me about him right now, or I'll kill you right now, but my mother will think it’s the booze."	"Already dead," he said. 	"No you're not, but you'll wish you were," said Elaine, and she hit him again. The old man sniveled. 	"No, he's already dead," said Papa. "He's already dead, before you were born, and there's nothing you can do about it." 	So her father was dead, before she was born. But even this story didn't quite line up. Elaine had a secret, something she'd never told her mother, or Papa Morejon, or even kind Ma Seifert. Something she'd been sitting on, hoping for the right moment. 	See, she had a memory of her father, though she couldn't recall his name, or face. It must have been from way, way back, but she knew it was him. Instead of growing faint, the strange memory grew stronger with age like a miracle, a divine manifesto for believing and continuing on.  	The memory had always been there. Even her earliest thoughts were formed by that image of her father. Elaine remembered him happy. They were in the small square dining room attached to the kitchen. There were windows, and light streamed in on the both of them laying on the bright red carpet. She held one of his arms and was giggling about something he'd said or done. Her mother wasn't there, just the two of them. Somebody from outside of the room called out to him, and he got up to leave the warm square room. Before he left he touched her arm. That was it. That was all she had. 	Even though he was gone, the memory never made her feel lonely. Elaine made up other memories in her head about him. He was strong, so he must of been a farmer. He liked the sun, and had gone to off to a state warmer than Iowa, or maybe even Cuba or Mexico. His favorite color was red. His favorite day was Sunday, but not because of church, because it was the day of rest. He liked working but he also liked resting, especially with his daughter. He loved his daughter, Elaine. 	That the memory could have been wrong, that he done as Papa Morejon had said and died even before she was born, was never a possibility. Maybe that wasn't entirely true–once or twice Elaine had questioned herself, but she always concluded that the memory felt real and must have been true, and that her resolve for its truth could only grow the more she questioned it. It was also true then that this memory had instilled in her some deep distrust of both her mother and Papa Morejon, a sentiment that existed even before her eighth birthday. They were wrong, they had to be wrong, because neither of them had ever seen the two of them there, on that sunny morning, together and happy. 	Her father, and that memory, was somewhat of a key, the key that could unbind why her life had never felt quite right. She was special, the only girl within a three year age range in the entire town, the rest were boys. Papa Morejon was mean to her only because he wouldn't dare if her father was still around. The secret guests that sometimes came in the night and left in the morning were actually old friends of her father's, who her mother never wanted to meet because of her grief. Joanna had deeply loved him. Perhaps this was even why her mother always forgot her birthday. 	"I don't know what you're talking about," her mother said, bringing Elaine back to reality from her little daydream. 	"I really don't, dearest, and I am quite sorry for forgetting your birthday."	Elaine had no words for her mother. Something had made her feel tired, like she no longer had the energy to play this game. Her mother, it seemed, had beaten her. 	Without another word, Elaine went out the kitchen door, past the great dining room, and back up to her room. She got back in bed with her clothes still on and pretended that nothing had happened. Although she felt tired, sleep didn't come to her. But hunger did, and when she emerged again in the late afternoon for something to eat, her mother had left on some errand out of the kitchen. She ate quickly and then left again. Elaine did not leave her room again until the next morning. Chapter 2	But something had seemed to happen in the night as Elaine slept, thinking dull thoughts about her mother, and her father, and the forgotten birthday. It was something magical, almost the perfect substitute for a birthday, or perhaps even more exciting. There were guests at Sandoval House, who were to stay over Christmas. 	Elaine awoke late to the sound of Sandoval House's great door, situated a floor directly below her banging open and shut. Each creak of its massive frame brought the sound of voices up to Elaine's frosted window. Some she recognized; Ma Seifert, Ben, and, yes, her mother's. But mostly these were new voices, ones she didn't recognize. There were guests! Sandoval House was, yes, meant to be a hotel, but there were seldom anyone that came to stay, except in the summer. Elaine twisted up beneath her covers, trying to make out the figures below her. A snowstorm had covered again what the rain had washed away. It seemed that some luck had come for the Sandovals that Christmas. 	This Christmas there were more guests at Sandoval House than any year Elaine could remember. Her mother busied her carrying all sorts of things–trays of food, boxes of Christmas tree ornaments, and suitcases. As much as Elaine wanted to do her work with a huff, proving to her mother that she didn't want or need to take orders from her after their fight, Elaine felt exhilarated like she never had before. Christmas had come every year that she could remember, but it was almost always the same people. Her mother, fussing in all the ways she was known to, Pappy Morejon, angry in his bed, and Ma Seifert, who, like Elaine, was just along for the ride. Sometimes Ben Hanter, the groundskeeper of the house, would come over for a glass of cider, but he mostly liked keeping to himself, which was far away from Jo and Pappy Morejon. 	Things were different this year. Elaine found herself listening to as many of the new guests as possible. First came the Nevilles, a family with three children about her age: the pretty older Belle and the cute younger Fontaine, as well as Andrew, who had big dark hair and a well-intentioned tone. 	Andrew, though only a year older than her, had the longest arms Elaine had ever seen, which she thought was at once both fun and daunting: was he good at baseball as the other boys in town were? Others also came, a frazzled woman and a girl that looked slightly too young to be her daughter, both in shawls and carrying sheet cakes, an old, big man with an eyepatch, a smiling father, mother, and baby, and a gaggle of sweet aunts that gave her hugs and kisses. There was an old couple, both with bushy white hair and prim black clothes, whose name she never caught. They'd brought along their wonderful bushy black dog, Renford, whose name she had caught. At first she stuck to greeting the new folks, introducing herself when prompted, and joining conversation when explicitly asked to, but that wasn't enough as the morning wound on. 	After the guests had their luggage brought to the spare rooms upstairs, Elaine, after some deliberation, decided to listen in. She knew it was wrong, but the guests didn't know about the walls. 	What was in the walls hadn't always been a secret. Folks used to know what went on in between the spaces. It's not hard for a person to know when things don't add up, and that's what the Sandoval House felt like, back before it was Sandoval House. You got one apple. Someone gives you another apple, and now you have two apples. The house was built like those apples ended up with half of one of them bit, and another apple to boot, it felt that way at least. Before Sandoval House was Sandoval House, it had been called by the folks that stayed there Pearson House, on accounts of who had built the place, a Lord Pearson. By accounts, Lord Pearson was from across the water, on the other side of the world in Britain living on great acres of land and playing polo, but truthfully no one had ever met him or heard any story about him. The money for the place had to come from somewhere, and in those times, it seemed like all the money came from across the sea, or from the mountains in the Sierras where there was said to be gold and furs. 	Everywhere rich had such a benefactor, requiring only a kinship in religious practice. The lords could have been a Quaker, or an Episcopal, or a Presbyterian, it didn't matter, someone or another had the money if you had the religion. Lord Pearson, it's said, was the one with the money, and Blaire Deponte was the one with the religion. She's the one that oversaw the House in those days, looking after it as a halfway home for those in drink or just out of prison. The poor folk came as well, but they weren't given rooms like the recovering folk were who just needed the chance to be lifted back on their feet. 	This was when the walls were built. It's said that one of the halfway men, the one living in Room Nineteen, was caught hiding a bottle of gin in the bottom shelf of his dresser–Deponte always searched rooms when she could, and thoroughly–he came back from his work in the kitchen not only with all of his things thrown outside, but the rest the bed, and the nightstand, the brazier, all the candles, and the chamber pot too.	He said to her something like "Ma'am, I understand why you had to throw me out, but why all these good things too? Don't you think that other folks need them after I'm gone?"	I don't know how the poor man was answered, but Mrs. Deponte was a mean bitch, she didn't give a shit if a man in her charge lived or died, so long as he didn't drink and he was Baptized. Knowing her like I did, I wouldn't be surprised that in those days of tall tales that woman hit him with a cast iron or bit off his ear. 	She didn't tell anyone what she did with the extra room, but it was clear. Soon after, dozens of measuring men came in and took down the numbers of everything. They all carried the same black bound leather book. None ever looked up from their books but to train their eyes on something, then lean back down to their scribbling. 	Everyone, old, broken, baby, sick, all were kicked to savage tents of big quilts like the Indians made though it was the dead of winter. No one had anything, so no one could go anywhere, though at that time Deponte was not liked. Still, they got their food, they got a fire, and that might have been enough for them regardless, even though they'd been kicked from their homes for no reason. Deponte ran back and forth between her measuring men and the makeshift camp outside the House, calling for soup to be made, coffee to be brewed, rent to be paid despite the unsatisfactory living conditions. She never moved so much like the devil.	Come spring everyone was allowed to move back in. Something had happened, but it was altogether unclear what it was. The only thing that was certain, to anyone that cared to notice, was that room Nineteen was completely gone. Strangely enough, there was no space between rooms twenty and eighteen. It was like nineteen had just got up and walked away. But there was something stranger, something that took a few months to even begin to notice.  	It was Little Bob, son of Big Bob the cook, that realized it for the first time, he'd quietly told me himself as an older man. Him and Big Bob used to sleep in different rooms because, as cook, Big Bob got special privileges. They had rooms Three and Four all to themselves. Before they'd been evicted for that brief time in the winter,  when Little Bob felt scared he'd reach over to the wall that separated him from his father, and knocked twice. Big Bob had been trained to knock back in his sleep most of the time, assuring his son that everything was all right, and to go back to bed. 	But something had changed. Now, Big Bob didn't knock back as frequent. Now, Little Bob felt scared. It's also true, strangely enough, that Little Bob felt like his knocks even sounded different. Of what had once been comforting, Little Bob now felt scared. He didn't like to knock anymore, because he knew what would follow: a hollow, ghostly sound. 	When Little Bob walked between rooms Eighteen and Nineteen, he, out of curiosity, knocked on the space between them. It sounded, to his horror, much like the knocks between him and his father's room. The fear went away when he knocked on every space between doors, and realized that they all sounded different than normal knocks, but the same with each other. 	That's when it hit him. There was space between the doors. When Madame Deponte had brought in all the measuring men, she'd blown out every single one of the walls, replaced them, and left a human sized gap between every room. Here, she didn't need to snoop around people's things to find what they were hiding–gin, women, cards, or any other false god. She could listen, and she could see. There were peep holes that came from out of the walls, secret, horrible things that in her own time only Deponte could see or find. She could observe whole conversations between her tenants, witness their nighttime habits, and act accordingly. It's said that the woman even stopped sleeping, that for years she spent her waking hours behind the walls, watching, listening, hoping to see a naughty thing happen that she could snuff out like a candle. 	Obviously such an unreserved plan on the hostess's behalf would result in some sort of structural damage. The house had never been rebuilt since the Pearson days. There was no Room Nineteen–the secret walls were still intact. Elaine thought that she was the first person to find them, but that was only the thought of a child that had not yet had the time or learning to situate herself in the mortal dilemma. She'd concluded, when at the age of ten while playing alone with her dolls, she found Deponte's secret entrance to the wall passages in the room One closet, that she was the first person to discover the secret of Sandoval House, and would probably be the only one to ever know, unless she decided to divulge the secret to someone she admired. 	Elaine had never met anyone that she admired. There weren't many kids in town her age, and she resented all of them. The main reason is that they were all boys. She didn't know how, why, or if there was any rhyme to it, but the only ones between the ages of twelve to sixteen were boys. They all played baseball together, but they'd never allowed her to play alongside them. So Elaine invented her own games. 	Elaine turned the doorknob of room one. No one lived there. Her mother used the place to store all of the things the house didn't need on a day to day basis. The room was light in the kind of way that served only to reveal more dust. In one corner sat a stack of moldy boxes, in the other a regiment of folding chairs for an event that hadn't yet come. Most of the room was dedicated to all sorts of trinkets, the types of things a sentimental type might keep around. Elaine believed that her mother had moved out when her father died, because the place seemed to have  become a sort of storage place for what she assumed were all of his old things, but she wasn't sure if this was just wishful thinking. Still, Elaine felt a kind of connection to the things she'd found in there, the old books that she dreamed her father had read–she read them too regardless of whether her dream was right or wrong. Elaine was only just beginning to learn this, but her mother had to have known that she spent so much time in the place. Jo never tried to stop her. 	The entrance to the place behind the walls was in the closet of this room. Room one was slightly larger than any of the other rooms, and was the only one with a closet. That was a give away. Most guests only ever saw one room, but Elaine had a lot of time on her hands. She figured that she had explored every single room in the house. In the closet of room one, above the pole for hanging clothes, was a small shelf. Behind the shelf was an old panel. Removing the panel revealed an empty black space behind the wall. It would have been scary for anyone else, and had been for her at first, but Elaine knew the passage well. Arrange a few boxes, slip through the opening, and after a bit of a drop–this was the trickiest part because it hurt her knees and caused a good deal of noise–she was one the other side. 	The place between the walls was thrilling at first, but if Elaine was being truthful to herself–and being truthful to herself had been her New Years resolution the year before–then she'd have to admit that the passages, once fully explored, every peephole found, was not that interesting. Most of the time the only people she could listen to were people that she could already talk to anyways: her mother, Ma Seifert, and Papa Morejon. 	Today, on Christmas Eve, there were new possibilities. Even though most of the guests were older than her, none of them were her horrible, boring family. None of them were on that horrible baseball team. All of them had things to say, and she was going to hear them–it was her own sort of game, that she could play by herself in secret, and then play a second time when everyone sat down for dinner: "Mrs. Neville, where did you get that hat?" she might ask, knowing from her trip into the walls that she had told Belle that she'd gotten it at Sears in Chicago. At least, that was how she imagined the game would go. 	The game went differently; the Nevilles were rooming in number twenty-four, but Elaine never made it that far.	In room two was a figure she'd only glanced over: the large man with an eye patch. She hadn't gotten his name because he carried no luggage besides a satchel and needed no refreshments. The large man was undressed to his long johns. She saw now that the man was old, as he was covered in silky grey and white hair. But he was even bigger and stronger looking underneath than she had noticed before. He didn't have the young, veiny muscles of the older boys in town, but he looked healthy, with broad shoulders and strong lungs. His palms looked enormous. The man's frame felt inviting even with its immense size. There was none of the foul manner of the other old man she knew, Papa Morejon, none of the need to be listened to, watched, fed, or taken care of. 	Elaine pressed her head hard against the peephole, unconcerned about the possibility of splinters. She shivered from the cold. Suddenly, she didn't want to be in the dark place behind the walls just watching somebody. Elaine wanted to be on the other side, back in the light, back with the people, back with someone that could explain who this strange old man was. She wanted to watch him, but she also wanted to meet the man in person, learn his name, and shake his hands. Who knew him? 	The old man with the eyepatch sat on the side of his bed unpacking his large brown trunk.  His work was slow but also deliberate. It looked as though he was preparing for Christmas dinner, because he had lain out a set of his nicer clothes: a pressed blue shirt, navy corduroy pants, and an enormous navy corduroy jacket. Elaine thought of an old sea captain in a lighthouse smoking a pipe, and wondered if this man had worked on a ship before, like the ones she'd heard about in books. As she looked through the peephole, a thought came over Elaine, one that she'd found herself having over the course of her entire life, and even more in the past few months. 	She wanted to see something different. The flat plains and wooded pockets around Sandoval House felt familiar, even safe, but it was all she'd ever seen. Elaine wanted a glimpse at a high rocky outcrop over a stormy Atlantic sea. That, or perhaps Paris, or even Zanzibar. This man looked like he'd seen some of those places. 	As she was dreaming off, he'd stood up and his back was turned to her. She couldn't see what he was doing. Now the old man with the eye patch was fiddling with something in his trunk. There seemed to be something in the trunk, something heavy that wasn't clothes. She could hear him working it in his hands, and felt the dull thud of its weight when he dropped it back in the neat piles of his clothing. An empty, beautiful twinkling noise suddenly filled the room and the passageway. It sounded something like the music that might play in one's childhood deep sleeps, or the noise of a magic train on ice. Had she only imagined it, or was this sound coming from the trunk? Elaine pressed her cheek even closer to the peephole, hoping he'd turn around so she could see what it was. 	A creak, too loud. The old man looked around, his eyes flashing. Elaine leapt back from her peephole, but that ended up making even more noise; the floorboards seemed to bellow in the place behind the walls. He had heard her. She could hear the sound of his boots on the hotel room carpet shuffling slowly back and forth, looking for the source of the strange noise. She was crouched low to the ground, her shoulder uncomfortable against the hard skeleton of the passageway. Elaine didn't dare move in the darkness. 	As she listened to him move about the room that was separated from her by only a few inches of thin wood and wallpaper, she realized that she'd shut her eyes tight, and felt suddenly like a little child playing peek-a-boo. When she opened them again, she couldn't see past the pale sliver of her knees. Elaine imagined that if the man could see behind walls with supervision, he would see a girl that looked much like a garden snake under the porch. 	After several minutes of silence she found her courage again. In fact, she had begun to consider that she was never very scared in the first place. The man might have seemed scary, but she felt as though he had no ill will towards her, even if she was such a sneak. Elaine dared to stand up again, making sure to put her weight on each of her mary janes slowly, one well-placed step at a time. 	When she looked through the peephole again, Elaine was met with an empty room. He had gone, and his large leather trunk was clasped shut. Whatever its contents, they were now closed to her, their spell broken. The old man too had gone, and with him his sailorly mystery. Now she was alone and bored again in the dark passage.	She let out a huff. Elaine didn't care anymore if anyone heard her. The truth was that she half wanted him to notice her, so that she would be flung into an adventure of some kind. She retreated back towards room one at the end of the tunnel, disappointed. Lifting herself back into the closet, she made a point of making as much noise as possible just so anyone that might have heard something in the walls as they dressed for dinner would be left wondering where the sound was coming from. If she had to be left in the dark about the strange contents of that man's trunk, then so should they about the secret passage. Maybe if one of them asked, like Andrew Neville, she'd tell them, but until then, she'd keep them wondering. 	Lying again in room one's bed with the day's waning sunlight hitting her face, Elaine closed her eyes and imagined she was back in that darkness. There was still time before she had to join her mother and Ma Seifert in the kitchen to finish the Christmas Eve party preparations. She wouldn't be missed, her mother would assuredly not want to see her after their spat, even if she did want help with the guests.  	She tried to imagine the empty, silent music again. The memory of it wouldn't come to her, and, with frustration, was reminded again of that memory of her father in the golden light of that room. Elaine couldn't place anything. Elaine had never lived like she'd wanted. Elaine was a silly girl that would never get to see anything other than the boys in town playing baseball, and only from afar. 	She began to imagine that she was like a worm, all shrunk down. Now she could fit into all the smallest places. Pushing and burrowing, Elaine the worm made it up and over the closet into the passage behind the walls of Sandoval House. She was in darkness again, but Elaine-worm liked it dark. Splinters be damned, now she found herself crawling up the wooden walls behind room two. 	Elaine-worm felt herself squeeze into the peephole. It was a tight fit, but as she burrowed, she knew that she would fit perfectly. With a plop, the worm landed on the carpeted floor of room two. There was no light anymore. The winter sky had taken it, and now the room was filled only with a dull, cold blue tone. A wind shuddered the wooden bones of Sandoval house, from the chimneys to the floors. The worm could feel all of it better than a girl could, and felt good to be inside out of that gale. 	The worm crawled up the leg of the bed, and then across the quilt. Finally hitting the leather of the trunk, up, up, up. The clasp came undone easily, or seemed to open on itself. The worm was pleased. Now inside, squirming into the dark. A deep dark. Squirming farther. Just the feeling of fabric, perhaps clothes, and that envelope of black. But wait, there was something, a sort of sound to that envelope. There was something in there with the worm. It was . . . 	"Elaine," said a voice from out of the dark. A part of the music, a place for her in the empty, beautiful, silent chorus of the gift within the trunk. Because now the worm was sure that it was something made just for her, a Christmas gift that she could squirm herself even farther into. A gift, to live with, to play with, perhaps to eat. 	"Elaine!" said the voice again, and Elaine woke up. 	It was Ma Seifert. The old woman stood over the bed where Elaine had fallen asleep. She flipped on a bedside lamp. 	"Hurry, child, and get dressed" she said. "I didn't want to wake you, but dinner will be served soon."  	Elaine shook sleep from her eyes but stayed in bed for a moment longer. She didn't remember all of it, but the dream had been strange.	"Elaine!" said Ma Seifert, and Elaine got up with some effort. 	After she saw that the girl had risen, the old woman left the room hurriedly, but not before smiling for a moment. Elaine dressed as fast as she could, a heavy yellow dress and a white cardigan. Before leaving, she made sure to glance at herself in the mirror that dominated the center of the room. While Elaine hadn't particularly wanted to get up from the softness of the bed, she could now feel the tingling of nerves. Never in Sandoval House had she ever seen so many people. And at Christmas Eve!	 She could meet all of the people she'd always wanted to, laugh, smile, and talk to people that weren't Ma Seifert, horrible Pappy Morejon, or her mother. It might have felt safer to observe them all through one of the peepholes in the secret passage behind their rooms, but she knew that that was a bad, impolite thing to do. She took up a comb lying on one side of the mirror stand and brushed a single strand of her hair that had fallen over her eyes. She stared at the dark curl and bit her cheek. After a moment, she set down the comb. 	"I won't go spying again," Elaine told herself in the mirror. But as she walked away, she made eye contact with her reflection and felt herself walking quickly towards the door. She wanted to see again the thing that was in the old man's trunk. Now, perhaps because of something that she had forgotten from her dream, she was sure it was a Christmas gift for someone with a story inside. Chapter 3	When she emerged from the room and went down to the hall to the dining room, everyone was already gathered around the great table. The room was large, and there was more than enough space for everyone. On one side of the room was a fireplace that could sit ten children around it, though there were only infrequently enough bodies to do it justice. Strangely, Elaine noticed, there was no Christmas tree in the corner by the fire, even though her mother always insisted on having one. 	 On the other side of the room was the table and the kitchen door, which Ma Seifert was bustling to and from with plates of food and drink–apple cider, eggnog, wine, mashed potatoes, and rolls. An enormous ham sat at the middle of the table, from which droll looking Mr. Neville was carving careful, thin slices as his large family waited impatiently. On the other side of the table of the Nevilles the young couple's baby gurgled happily, and the bushy black dog, Renford, Elaine remembered sat with his paws curled beneath him by his old masters. Elaine saw that his old woman was sneaking him table scraps. The other old woman made mannered conversation with the baby's bright young father. Her quiet granddaughter seemed to be the only one that noticed Renford being fed. All three of her aunts sat by her mother on the far end at the head of the table. 	The table was large enough to seat two people at its head, but her mother sat alone, even though the place had been set for two. With her heart sinking, Elaine realized that that would be her place. Working up the courage and putting angry thoughts about the day before aside, Elaine made her way down the hall to her mother's side. As everyone was already engaged with either food or conversation, no one seemed to notice her. She humored them, not wanting to be a bother, and made her way to her mother as unobtrusively as possible. 	"Girl!" a voice rose up over the din. Assuming no one would care to address her, she kept walking. 	"Girl! You!" said the voice again. This time she recognized that horrible tone. It was stinky old Pappy Morejon. What he wanted with her she could not guess, but she felt the heat take over her face. Everyone's first impression of her would be that terrible man addressing her in his terrible way. 	She turned around. Pappy sat at the other head of the table opposite her mother, still in the middle of chewing a piece of pork gristle with his soft teeth. He waved at her with a fork, continuing to chew. 	"Girl!" he shouted at her again as they made eye contact. "Over here's your place, girl. By me!" He laughed, and took a weak swig of cider. 	Out of the frying pan and into the fire. She wouldn't have to sit next to her mother, but she'd have to bear Pappy. A thought hit her that her mother had planned this, had wanted Elaine to sit next to him as a kind of veiled punishment. Fighting the urge to shoot her mother an icy stare, she went to sit by Pappy Morejon. 	"Here you are, girl," he said as she pulled out her chair. He patted her napkin with one of his spotted hands. 	"You have the pleasure of sitting by me this evening."	She sat, and put the napkin on her lap with some hesitation. 	"This is, err," he said, thinking a moment. At last it came to him. 	"Elaine, my granddaughter," he said, looking at the young couple with the baby. He seemed to have been making conversation with them before he'd spotted Elaine. The young man had huge blonde hair and a professor's look. His wife had a broad face and a small hat, and Elaine thought she looked beautiful in a strong way. They both looked at Pappy Morejon with as much politeness as two people could manage. Brave of them, Elaine thought. 	"So that would make her your, your. . ." Pappy was thinking again, and chewing while he did it. The young man looked back at him, nodding, waiting for him to finish.	"Your?" the old man said again. When it was evident that he would not finish, the young man stepped in. 	"My grand cousin, or something like that," he said, and smiled at Elaine. His wife also smiled in her direction, and Elaine felt warm. She nodded with as much manners as she could at the both of them.	"Right!" said Pappy, as if the words had barely been on his lips. He took another sip of his cider, and put his glass down on the table cloth with shaky hands. Both the young woman and her man stole a look at the precarious position of the glass uneasily. 	"Well, Elaine." Pappy said. "This would be something like your grand cousin, Mr. David Morejon, and his beautiful wife, Liza."	"Lisa Anne," the young woman corrected, and Pappy pretended he hadn't heard her. He'd lost the thread of the conversation. 	David stood up, and as he did, so did his wife, still cradling the happy baby. Elaine realized with dread that they meant to shake her hand. She shakily stood up, too aware of the creak of her chair legs against the would floors. 	"No need for that," Pappy said. "You can shake hands after dinner if you feel the need, but once you reach my age, you must know that you'll wish you'd saved your legs in your youth." 	David and Lisa Anne sat down again awkwardly. Elaine, in spite of herself, felt a little relieved. She realized this may have been the only moment she could remember that Pappy Morejon had done something that went her way. 	"Well, in any case, it's good to meet you," said Lisa Anne. She rocked her baby. 	"It is good to meet you Elaine, Perhaps we can shake hands later," he said, and winked at her. That warm feeling came over her again, and Elaine felt herself blushing. 	"It is good to meet the both of you. What is your baby's name?" she said. 	"Gilda," a quiet voice to Elaine's side responded. It was the mousy girl wrapped in an enormous rough shawl that had come in with her grandmother.	"Samantha!" her grandmother said. "Mind your manners, girl!"	"It's alright, Mrs. Kendall," said Lisa Anne, who smiled at the mousy girl. The girl refused to meet her eyes, or her grandmother's. 	"And yes," Lisa Anne said, looking at Elaine. "The baby's name is Gilda."	A sadness that Elaine couldn't place came over her, like her heart was working faster than her brain. It felt like a tugging for the baby Gilda and her lovely parents. A desire for a family? Sort of like that, but not quite. With a start, she realized what it was. This was Pappy Morejon's family–her mother's family. What beautiful grand cousin that she would never meet could be on her father's side? What sign of hope, for love, and for decency? 	For a moment she didn't have the courage, but Elaine looked at her mother across the room. She felt relieved: her mother was deep in conversation with one of her aunts, either Joleen or Juniper, Elaine couldn't tell them apart. Elaine let herself wonder if her mother had held her in her arms like that when she was a baby, and knew that she had. What had changed?	Elaine could only allow herself to be sentimental for so long. She wasn't hungry, but she was going to eat or else she'd hear about it later. She reached across the table and grabbed a bread roll. Samantha passed her the butter without a word, and Elaine nodded at her. The taste of the bread heartened a bit, and she stared back at her mother, a coldness in her eyes. Around her the old woman Mrs. Kendall was in a broken conversation with Pappy Morejon and David about the differences between Iowa and Nebraska winters, but none of the parties seemed to be making sense of each other. 	Across the table, her mother seemed to be having a similar conversation with one of her aunts, Juniper, Elaine now remembered. Juniper had glasses, Joleen did not, and Octavia never spoke while the other two always did. Juniper leaned over the empty seat next to her mother, seeming to be engaged in a rather raucous story. Juniper was always sweet to Elaine, but she'd never found any of her three grand aunts all that interesting. Joleen had once cornered Elaine in a cold room and tried to teach her how to knit. Joleen had been bundled up, but Elaine had not, and before long, her fingers had felt like they were going to freeze off. Elaine wondered if her mother felt the same way, like she wanted more than anything to get away but hadn't the heart to say anything. Her mother sipped long on her glass of wine, nodding after every inflection or so with blank eyes. 	Suddenly, another question came over Elaine. Where was the old man with the eye patch? She hadn't even noticed that he wasn't in the room with the others. 	And like in a fairy story he appeared. 	The door to the dining room hit the wall hard as it burst open, a huge gust of wind and snow flurries following it. It was cold blue outside, and the darkness hid the details of a massive hulking figure. It looked like some sort of beast, huge, nearly wider than the doorframe. As it shuffled in, Elaine realized it was a man–Ben Hanter, the groundskeeper, she could tell him by his oversized hat–carrying a Christmas tree. 	A few in the party cheered. It seemed that the hunt for a proper Christmas tree had been a major topic of conversation before Elaine had come. But what Elaine was more intrigued by was the second man. Sure enough, it was the large old man with the eye patch. He wore his clean navy corduroys over an enormous fur overcoat. Elaine thought that he now looked more like a wizard than a sailor. As he walked over the threshold, the trunk of the Christmas tree in one strong hand, the coldness outside seemed to throb with a hidden music. His long hair wove back and forth, and, for a moment it looked like his eyes flashed in Elaine's direction. Her heart jumped. 	But with his other hand he grabbed the door by its frame and closed it, hard. The sound of the wind stopped and the coldness left. Ben Hanter was panting and shaking snow from his boots. 	"Come on, let's get this thing standing up. I want some cider," the groundskeeper said. 	The old man didn't seem particularly cold or tired, but he brought the tree to its place by the fireside across the room like Ben said. Talk resumed, but Elaine couldn't take her eyes off the old man. He walked with grace, if not elegance, even when he took off his boots and hung up his coat.	 When the two men were finished with the tree, to the cheers of the crowd, Ben disappeared to the kitchen, presumably to get some of Ma Seifert's cider. To Elaine's surprise, the old man took a seat at the head of the table next to her mother. She nearly gasped, and forced herself to look away. Who was this man?	She wanted the answer so bad that she even asked Pappy Morejon. 	"Him?" Pappy said in his characteristic grating tone. "Why, that's old John Jacob! I'm surprised you don't know him, girl." 	Elaine gave her grandfather an inquisitive look. 	"John Jacob owned this place, once upon a time. Well, before his son took over, that is."	Elaine's mind spun. What did it mean? And it came to her, it was so obvious. 	"That's right, girl," said Pappy Morejon, seeing the realization in her face. "That's your other grandfather." Chapter 4	When dinner was over, everyone gathered around the fireplace. Well, everyone except, it seemed to her, Elaine. Her mother had seen to that. After Ben had brought in the Christmas tree, Mrs. Neville had announced that they should finish dinner so that they could decorate it, and then begin to set gifts out under its boughs. This felt like a fantastic idea, especially to Elaine. She not only wanted more time to soak in the good cheer of all the new guests, which she felt like could be wrenched away at any moment, but also wanted, no, needed to find a way to speak to her other grandfather. And yet as she left the table, making a line towards the tall man with the eyepatch, she felt a cold grip on her elbow. Of course, it was her mother. 	"We need you in the kitchen, dear," she'd said, nodding at the empty dishes on the table. Elaine wrenched her arm away without meeting much resistance, and without a word walked back to the table. This felt so unjust, but, somehow, so predictable. Right as she was about to find out something about her past, something so close to her father, there was her mother, grabbing her elbow, making sure that she would never know. 	First Elaine grabbed an enormous empty saucer that had once held the ham. To her revulsion, someone, probably Pappy Morejon, had thrown a bit of half gnawed gristle back on the plate alongside the bones. Holding the heavy saucer in both hands, Elaine took a moment to  glance at the empty table. The spread that had once looked so marvelous was now disgusting. Everyone's waste was left behind, left behind for good old Elaine, who would have to clean it all up. And of course, when she went through the kitchen doors, her mother was nowhere to be found. She'd left her daughter with this mess. 	Well, her daughter and Ma Seifert. The old woman was already there, already scrubbing away at the dishes. Idle beside her was Ben, a mug of cider in one of his enormous hands. When she entered the room, Ben looked away immediately. He never liked talking much with anyone, and often avoided eye contact with Elaine. He did this, she knew, because he must have thought that he could get in some kind of trouble if her mother or Ma saw him looking at her for two long. He was wrong, of course. Her mother didn't care who looked at her, didn't care anything about her. And after all, Ben was much older than she was. 	"Hello Ben," Elaine said, as she struggled with the saucer. "Any chance I could get your help with this?"	"Absolutely not," said Ma Seifert, before Ben could answer. "Ben has been out in the cold  since four o'clock with old John Jacob looking for that tree. He can stand right there, enjoying his cider."	Ma Seifert looked up from the dishes and around at Elaine. "You can handle that plate just as well yourself." 	Elaine brought the thing over to Ma, looked at Ben who quickly turned away, and set the plate down with a loud clink. So my grandfather's name is John Jacob, she thought to herself. Elaine wondered if Ma Seifert knew anything else, but didn't think so. Something about the way she had casually mentioned her grandfather's name made Elaine think that Ma wasn't aware who exactly John Jacob was. It was a cold hotel, and secrets never came so easily if they did not come by accident. 	"Get back out there girl, and leave poor Ben alone," said Ma Seifert, although not without a sympathetic smile. 	"After you're finished, I'm sure your mother would have no objection to you joining the festivities. It's Christmas Eve, after all."	So Elaine left the kitchen, questions about her grandfather filling her mind, with no way to sate them. 	As she cleared the last dish on the table, Elaine stole a look at the guests in the dining room. She wouldn't get the chance to look again until all of the dishes were clean, but that would mean that she would spend at least another hour in the kitchen. Her heart fell. What fun they were having! 	The tree was already full of ornaments, little flickering lights, and tinsel. Beneath it were gifts that everyone had brought from out of the trunks in their rooms. Elaine could see that they were laughing, enjoying each other's company and the warmth of the fire. She couldn't wait to be with them. 	The only thing left to do was put the star at the top of the tree. Elaine stood, a dozen dirty forks in one hand, and a dozen dirty knives in the other, and watched them. Andrew wanted to top the tree, and Elaine thought it was fitting that he had that honor. She liked him, she knew that. She watched him look around for a ladder. When he saw none, Andrew didn't want to wait to ask her mother or Ben. Elaine heard him ask his father to lift him, and some of the small crowd laughed, including Pappy Morejon with a dry wheeze. Mr. Neville's face strained, probably under the weight of knowing that he was too doughy to be able to lift his son. Luckily, he wouldn't need to. 	"I've got you, son," said Elaine's grandfather. He was taller than Mr. Drury by half a foot, and even though he was at least fifteen years older, Elaine knew by the way he had brought the Christmas tree in with Ben, holding most of it's weight in one hand that he was much stronger than the other man. 	And he was. John Jacob knelt a little and cupped his fingers into a foothold. With a hand on the mantle to support himself, Andrew nimbly placed one foot onto John Jacob's outstretched hands. 	Mrs. Kendall cried out, "Get down from there boy, or you'll hurt yourself! Does no one here have any sense?"	But John Jacob was already lifting the boy up in one motion, all the way over his shoulders with only a small grunt of exertion. Mrs. Kendall, as well as one of Elaine's aunt's gasped. Andrew's little sister, Fontaine clapped with glee. There was Andrew, his head halfway to the ceiling of the great room, balancing one foot in John Jacob's hands, one hand stabilizing himself on the wall. Elaine thought that he must have played some sort of sport in school, one that required balance, not something so inelegant as the baseball the boys in town played.	As he placed the star down on the very tippiest top of the tree, the image of the dark boy like an acrobat lifted over the head of that tall, strong, one eyed man flashed in Elaine's head. She knew she would remember that picture. For a moment, it felt like happiness, or exultation. John Jacob carefully brought his arms back down, and Andrew hit the ground on both his feet and gave a small bow. His mother looked relieved, as did his father, though probably for different reasons; Mr. Neville was still glad he hadn't had to lift the boy himself. Most of the small crowd clapped, and Elaine clapped with them, though no one saw her. She wanted so much for someone to see her, preferably Andrew, or . . . her grandfather, who was so very strong.  	That was when the good feeling left her and the bad one entered. She, Elaine, had . . .watched him. Seen him. Her very grandfather, through the peephole between the wall. There was another sort of warm tingle that she didn't let herself think about, but she had felt it when she saw the strong man lift the boy over his shoulders. Her grandfather. Elaine turned away from the scene under the Christmas tree with the last of the table's utensils without letting herself look back. Chapter 5	After she had finished cleaning the dishes, Elaine half expected the party to have finished without her. It hadn't, though it had died down somewhat, but perhaps in a good way. The older folks: the old couple with their bushy dog Renford, two of her aunts, Mrs. Kendall, and Pappy Morejon had gone to bed. The party didn't need those whiners anyway. But Lisa Anne had also left with baby Gilda for whatever reason, for which Elaine felt bad. She would have liked to talk to the young woman with which she was distantly related to by marriage a little before she went away. Renford the dog, too, was missed. Luckily, John Jacob was not one of the older folks that had left to sleep; Elaine saw him in a corner of the room talking to her one remaining aunt, Aunt Octavia. Elaine was surprised and impressed that he was able to get a word out of her, but there was her aunt that never talked, holding a glass of whine and talking merrily away with the white haired man with the eye patch. 	Elaine saw that the party had mostly split into two halves: the adults, who stood by the great fireplace, and the children, who were bunched up by the tree. She made her way to the younger ones, too scared to try to talk to the man that might be her grandfather first. Andrew was at the center of the throng, along with his two younger sisters, and quiet Samantha. Elaine was glad to see that Mrs. Kendall had left Samantha behind to talk and have fun with the other children. 	As she approached them, Andrew instinctively looked up, and grinned at her. 	"Hey!" he said to her. "You're Elaine, right!"	She was too old to blush, so she didn't. 	"Yeah," she said feigning disinterest. "You're Andrew."	"Yeah!" he said quickly. "And these are my sisters, Fontaine and Belle."	They all exchanged nods. Her gaze hovered for a moment on Belle, who looked only to be a year younger than her. Belle observed her back, and Elaine felt like they had shared something, something cold and mistrustful. She pushed that thought aside and looked quickly back at Andrew. He was still grinning at her, but not with the type of interest that she thought she wanted. 	"I think we're going to open some presents soon," he said to her, and then turned back around at the tree. 	"I wonder if we'll be able to stay up late and open all of them."	The group did not, in fact, open all of them. A couple of the adults exchanged a few gifts amongst themselves, mostly small things. The children were allowed to open one present each; it appeared that the Nevilles had brought with them in their trunks three for each of Belle, Fontaine, and Andrew. Fontaine got a new dress, a blue prissy thing that she quickly took a liking to, begging her mother to let her try it on. Belle got a new pair of shoes for school, the kind, apparently, that she had been asking her father for for months. Andrew got a new baseball bat, and Elaine almost groaned. He played baseball after all, just like all those boys in town. 	Even though she wasn't expecting to, it still hurt a little when she saw no gifts under the tree for her. Her mother would have gotten her something, but it would be given in private, only after all the guests were away. And only after the two of them stopped fighting. Her mother wasn't even anywhere in sight; she had disappeared after grabbing Elaine's arm and telling her to do the cleaning. So Elaine watched the Nevilles open their presents alone, amongst strangers. 	"You didn't get anything either?" a voice asked. It was Samantha. 	Elaine shook her head, and tried to put cheer in her tone, saying "Nah, I didn't want anything, I guess. Part of growing up!"	"Yeah, that's what my grandmother says, but I'm not sure I believe it though." Samantha stopped. "I wanted something," she finished simply. A girl of few words. 	Elaine felt called out and turned away from Samantha. The rest of the night went by in silence sitting next two Samantha, neither girl saying a word. Elaine watched Andrew leap around the room, swinging his new bat and yelling small jokes at his sisters. She wondered why she ever thought him attractive, the boy was clearly not as mature as she thought she was herself, even though they looked the same age. 	Andrew went on like that until Mr. Neville told him it was time for his family to go to bed. By then, the fire had died down, and only a handful of people were still in the great dining room. Most of the wine and all of the cider had been drunk Everyone looked sleepy, but Elaine thought they looked something else too: slow, like they were moving about amongst each other with droopy eyes, their limbs caught in a stickiness of the night. A sort of warm darkness spread out over the walls. The wind outside seemed to creak the hotel's foundation, and Elaine was happy to be inside, happy for the last of the coals.	 Many things that you can sit and watch die–food at a feast, a drink from the glass, a flower at the end of summer–could make you sad. But not a coal, inside, on a winter day. No, if it was still giving off heat and its comforting bit of light against that dark cold blue of the winter, you'd know everything was all right, or so Elaine thought to herself as the party dwindled. A coal was little nugget of life even in its dying. She knew, especially in this moment, with some strange certainty why Christmas was always such a magical time in the story books. Yes, she was glad she was not outside, and that she was instead by the fireplace, with a meal in her stomach. Even if her mother was not there. Even if her father was not there. 	A hand touched her shoulder, and Elaine whirled around. She thought that Samantha had just gone to bed. And she was right: Samantha had gone to bed. When she looked around, Elaine realized that she was alone in the room . . . save for her grandfather, who was now touching her shoulder. He looked at her with his one twinkling eye, and she looked back, too stunned to speak or even let out a little breath of surprise. 	"Elaine," he said. "Elaine. It's taken such a long time to meet you."	Elaine took long to gather her words. Outside the snow bit into the walls of Sandoval House. The sound came through the cracks in the floorboards. She could hear this and nothing else. Here was the thing that she had been hoping for all her life; a grandfather, yes, someone that was not her mother or Pappy Morejon, but also a key or . . . a peephole into that other life she had wished to live with her father.	"You knew him," she heard herself say. 	He was in no hurry to answer her. The man with the eye patch stood before her, the light of the fireplace casting a hot glow over his face. As Elaine had seen before, his eyes seemed to twinkle, like a stretched out Santa Claus. 	"Yes," he said finally, and put an arm on her shoulder. 	Elaine drew back at first. His eyes were warm, but his hand was icy, like cold feet under the covers. A wavering thought came to her: why this Christmas? Why had all these guests come now? She hated that mistrustful, hateful part of her, the same feeling that curled her upper lip when she saw Andrew with his bat. Yet, she could not let it go: the product of a life shut up in her bedroom, the product of a life hiding behind walls. Talk did not come easily with this strange new man, and words did not come to her for a moment. 	"He was your son?" He was my father. 	"You already seem to know that."	His blank face looked at her. She looked back. Then anger came over Elaine, hot and fast even before she knew it was on her. 	"Why don't you just tell me, then!" she shouted. "Why do I have to be the one that asks the questions?" She was angry, angry not just at him, but at everyone: the few people she knew. None of it made any sense, because no one she knew was really alive like she was. They were all ghosts, or actors, that fed her their lines. She'd always expected it, since she could first read. None of the people she knew acted like the characters in her books: her mother stared back at her like a cow. Pappy Morejon was worthy of her contempt; he cackled like an old jackdaw. Ma Seifert and Ben Hantler never said much of anything. And here this new man was, from the outside, and he was acting like them! Another unreal ghost, like a piece of cardboard that would topple over if she applied the slightest bit of pressure. 	Elaine lifted up two fingers. The man with the white hair studied them. "Your name is John Jacob! You're my father's father!" She stopped. "That's all I know about you. I've never seen you in my life, and yet you sit here, as if there aren't a thousand things to say, like you don't know how to speak."	The old man with the eye patch mirrored her by holding up two fingers. Elaine wondered if he was mocking her, but it didn't make her angry. That hot anger was already dying, and she didn't understand why it had come out of her for a stranger. 		"No, not two," he said. He had a queer aspirating way of speaking, and although he had no accent that Elaine could detect, he spoke as if English was not his first language, and he was making an effort to pronounce every letter as best he could. 	"No, not two," he repeated. "Three things you know about me." He held out his fingers. "Three," he said again. 	Interested, Elaine sat down on the step before the fireplace. Her back felt the heat of the coals, dying now. The night was getting late, and her eyes had become droopy even though she had been angry only a moment before. She did not think this strange. The ticking of the great grandfather clock above the mantle ticked, and Elaine felt almost like collapsing right there. 	"Three," said the man with the eye patch. "Three things, you know about me. How many? Three." He stopped, and looked down. When he looked back up, the sparkle in his eye, that had made him look so much like Santa Claus, was gone. Now there was something like sadness in the blue of his pupils. 	"I know what you want from me, Elaine. But some things are too hard to say. You know that he was my son, just as he was your father." He stopped, and clenched his brow. "Just as he was your mother's husband."   	As he spoke those words, Elaine was suddenly reminded of that scene that played in her head, the one where she was a child at breakfast in the morning sunshine, when she played in that sunlight with the man without a face. Her father. There were many other stories like that, she supposed, that lived on as almost-memories in the minds of everyone that had ever known him–had ever known anybody. Elaine wasn't sure if she didn't have anything to say to the man with the eye patch, or if there was nothing she could say, her throat all closed up like it was sick with this sudden knowledge. So the man continued without her. 	"I can give you three things, granddaughter. The first is this." 	He took one of his big palms to the inside of his enormous corduroy coat. Fiddling around in his pockets, he bit his lip. Then his face brightened. From out of his coat came his hand, clutching a single silver dollar. It was the type that had gone out of mint, the kind Elaine imagined cowboys carried in their saddlebags as they rode home from the market, or the fur trappers that had once wandered the prairies north of Sandoval House in Ma Seifert's girlhood tucked away in their stockings for safe keeping. Her grandfather pressed it into her palm. 	"That," he said smiling fondly, "Your father gave me on his eighteenth birthday. He spent all summer and most of spring picking rocks out of Culbert's fields so they could bring the plow over them. Culbert's had sold off most of his land at that point, it was only a fraction of the size it had been when I was a boy. Still, your father picked rocks over, I'd say, forty acres in that time. He was paid for that work, and, well, I suppose he felt, well, rich." 	The old, big man put his head up and laughter boomed out over the great dining room, loud enough that Elaine was sure she'd hear baby Gilda wake up and begin crying. But Elaine heard that she was laughing with him, even though she wasn't quite sure what about. When he tilted his head back down, her grandfather's eyes were twinkling again.	"We went to the carnival that summer together. Both of us had been pitching balls at the pins, your father had an arm on him, and I was tired, so I bought us both a couple of hotdogs with mustard and relish. After we ate the dogs, I told him I was thirsty. I wanted a beer, and seeing as he was eighteen, I didn't see why it would be wrong to buy him a beer too." 	The old man stopped for a moment. The sparkle was gone. 	"He looked right at me, and said, 'I'll get the beers, then, Pa.' And I said to him 'Like hell you will. You're just a boy, your old man can still buy you a drink.' He put a finger on my chest and said 'You're not buying me anything.' So I went and I bought the beers anyway. When I handed him his bottle, he slipped something back in my hand. It was this dollar."	Elaine looked at the silver thing that her grandfather had put in her hand. It was old, yes, and out of mint. But she saw now that it was even older than she had thought, maybe not just in age, but also in the tired solemnity that it glinted back at her with. This coin had not passed over a counter to a clerk, or put through the slot of a dingy parking meter. This coin had not been spent in a long time. 	The old man continued. "I tried to give it back to him a few times over the years. Wasn't right that a boy should be paying for his father's suds, but it became more than that. I think it was more than that from the beginning. I even succeeded sneaking the dollar back on him a couple of times before he found a way to sneak it back to me, usually in my shirt pocket when I wasn't expecting it. I guess I assumed that he'd keep the damn thing eventually when he started taking pity on me as I got too frail and tired to play the game. But, here it is anyways. I was the one of us two that ended with it last on him." 	Elaine could see that her grandfather was avoiding looking at the coin in her hand. She put it away deep in one of her pockets. When she did, the old man seemed to be put at ease. He continued.  	"Of course, you'll get quite a bit better of an inheritance than that, I imagine. You must have guessed by now that this old house is worth a sum more than you'd expect, seeing as your Ma can put food on the table even with so few guests." He said this last part almost guiltily, as though he were ashamed of this fact. 	"And there are other things that are more important than that damn rusty dollar, and I'm sorry that something as sorry as that has to be one of only three things I have for you, Elaine."	"No, John Jacob," she said, without thinking. She could feel the weight of the coin in her pocket, and she clutched at it from outside the fabric with one of her hands. 	"Don't be sorry."	He smiled at her, and the fire lit up his teeth. Elaine realized that he had been standing the entire time while she was sitting. With his huge frame leaning over her and the fire behind them both lighting him, he looked bigger than the Christmas tree. She wasn't scared, exactly, but she thought she had never seen someone so big. Elaine thought that she must say something to him, before he was somehow displeased with her. She didn't want such a man to ever be displeased with her. 	"I'll keep it safe," she said suddenly. "I promise, I'll always keep it in my pocket, and I'll never lose it, or give it up." 	His eyes were vacant as they watched her, and Elaine wondered if she had said the right thing. 	"I'll always keep it," she repeated, but her grandfather stopped her. 	"That is good, Elaine. Keep it safe."	He brought his large body down quickly, and, for a moment, Elaine flinched. Then, she saw that her grandfather had just moved to sit beside her. His legs were crossed on the fireside step, and he had, like a magic trick, retrieved a pipe from one of the pockets of his huge corduroy coat. Elaine watched him as he neatly picked a small ember out of the fireplace with his thumb and forefinger and dropped it into his pipe, all without flinching. The heat of the ember, apparently, did not affect her grandfather. Smoke billowed from up his pipe and was carried by the air to the ceiling rafters. 	"The second thing, I have for you," he said, "is a cautionary tale. Now, this might be the most important thing I have, so I need you to listen to me, Elaine."	She nodded her head to him, but felt confused. What was he talking about? Was there some kind of danger that she wasn't aware of? 	Flame seemed to come from out of his nostrils along with the smoke. He chewed at the clouds with his mouth closed, his eyes down. 	"When I shipped out, I saw some things that I don't think you would believe, even if you read about them in a science book."	So he was a sailor, Elaine thought to herself. 	"I know that I didn't understand it myself, even though I sit here now, telling you this story as if I'm some type of expert."		Elaine studied her grandfather carefully. She still couldn't tell what he meant. When he took in a deep breath, the wind outside howled with the rhythm of his throat. Elaine remembered now that it was Christmas Eve, and all the children were meant to be in bed. Of course, she didn't believe in Santa Claus, but she had always felt that there was something sacred in letting the winter spirits do their work at night, unperturbed. Yes, that's how she felt. Winter spirits, spirits of the cold and the dark that only came when the sun was at its lowest in the heavenly wheel. She wondered if there would be spirits tonight. A thought came to her that she forced herself to put aside before she could think about it too much. Perhaps all of the guests that had come to Sandoval House were ghosts. It was too dark and too cold to think such thoughts. 	The man with the eye patch that called himself her grandfather began his tale, and the wind outside whined. 	"Our ship had just crossed the Strait of Magellan, but we'd lost our Captain along the way. Good enough man, but the sea took him anyway, as it has taken countless others. Stood at the prow, giving us orders as we navigated the rocks. One minute the sea was glassy still, then the next it came up like a hand and pulled him down. We never saw him break the surface. Seeing as he was dead, the first mate took over command of the ship. Now, no one cared for him so much. His name was Tamlin, and he said he worked in the Royal Navy in his day. Whatever the case, he ran his ship like it. Anyways, we were out of the cold waters and now they were getting warm again. I remember all of us deck hands were sweating, not normal like, but sweating hard. Something was wrong, like there were foul humors in the air."	Elaine's was enraptured. It was like reading a book, listening to her grandfather. And like a book, she couldn't quite believe it. Not just because the Pacific Ocean on an open boat was so far from their place on the Iowa prairies in the dead of winter, but because, like a book, there seemed to be something fantastical about what her grandfather was telling her. There was something . . . unreal about it. But as he spoke, she could detect no irony in her voice. No, he was more serious than ever.  	"Our first mate didn't suppose there was land anywhere near, and I guess we believed him, at first," the old man continued. 	"He was intent on getting to Jakarta in time enough to make up for what we had lost, for we had lost time in Argentina before the Captain went down. Tamlin was getting a few nerves frayed along the way, yelling at folks, beating the younger ones. But there was something else. That humor, in the air. It felt like we had all lost a lot of sweat, but with it, something leaked out along with it. I'm not really sure what that something was, but maybe it was like one of the gears that keeps a certain part of a machine running. Well, the sweat. . . sweated this gear out."	Elaine shivered. She wondered what it felt like to sweat a gear that belonged in your mind straight out of your skin. She didn't think she wanted to know. 	 "All of us were beginning to feel like we saw things clearly now. One of the boys, his first voyage, he began to take himself for some kind of Buddha, or a medicine man as the Indians call them. He sat balanced up on one of the masts, eyes closed, and no one could convince him to come down. Other men were doing similar things. The cook convinced a number of us to stop eating, even though we had rations plenty. A couple of my friends, Tuckwell and Davies thought they were Standing Birds, and propped themselves up by the prow and stood still, balancing on one leg a piece. I'd be lying if I told you that I didn't join them, on occasion, join them as one of the Standing Birds at the prow of the ship. I can't tell you why it had come over me, only that I remember being one of them birds, or remember myself remembering. Tamlin saw all this, and began to get angrier and angrier. He tried to beat it out of us, but seeing as he couldn't beat at a whole ship, especially ones that would just sit there as you hit them. He didn't know that it would become quite a bit worse for him, before the end."	At that, her grandfather coughed hard. His chest bellowed up and down, working itself hard. When he didn't stop, Elaine grabbed his shoulder. 	"Grandfather?" she asked, concerned. 	Just then, he coughed something up, which went tumbling off his corduroy knee, off the fireplace step, and onto the carpet of the dining room. It was the ember he had put in his pipe. Elaine watched as it flickered for a moment, on its own in the darkness of the cavernous room, then fizzled out. 	John Jacob, coughed once more, hard, and then continued as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. 	"An older Welshman, I never knew his name except for what they called him, which was The Little Hen, began to see the future in his head because the sweat had sweated it out. Many of us, me included, thought we believed him. He told us that we had to do penance for our drowned Captain, perform some sort of burial at the first land that we saw. This sounded good and mete to all of us, the Standing Birds, the Buddha that sat on the masts, our fasting cook, and the others on the ship. All of us, except Tamlin, of course. He screamed that there was no land from here to Guam, that he'd checked the maps, and that even if there was, we wouldn't go off course for nothing. Then, we saw the island. It came out of the mist and just hung there in the air, like it could just float away. Oh, but it was there. We stepped foot on it, and that's what I need to tell you about now. We all stepped foot on it, all except for Tamlin."	John Jacob stopped for a moment. His head was hung. 	"We threw him overboard. He told us that it would be either his life, or the island. Yes, I'm not proud of it, and afterwards, after the island, after another year when we'd finally made it Jakarta, I heard from the others that they weren't proud of it either. Didn't know what came over them. Couldn't place it, couldn't understand it. Maybe Tamlin was the only sane one out of all of us, even though we all hated him. Maybe there was nothing to understand. When we threw him overboard within sight of the island, he cursed us as he went. I think I squawked at him, like a bird, I suppose."	Then, all of a sudden, a bird did squawk, and Elaine jumped, sending a cloud of ash into the sky–she didn't know how close she had gotten to the warmth of the fire against the cold of the Christmas room. 		It wasn't one of her grandfather's Standing Birds, but the great grandfather clock above her on the mantlepiece. A cuckoo came out of it's throat, rang the time. It was midnight. 	Although he hadn't jumped like she did, John Jacob stared at the clock with something like fear in his eyes. 	"Too late," he said, shaking his head. "Damn it, it's too late in the night now."	He looked at Elaine, finally. He was troubled with something. 	"I'm sorry, Elaine, but I can't give you the rest of the second thing. I took too long in the telling. But it's time for us both to get to bed and wrap ourselves up in the covers. It isn't good to stay up so late in the darkness, especially. . . "	He trailed off. 	Elaine thought she could finish the thought for him. Especially tonight, she thought. Especially on a night like Christmas Eve, when there are spirits outside. They might come inside to get warm, and it'll be best that we aren't by the fireside when that happens. Isn't that right, John Jacob?	There was real fear in his eyes when she looked back at him. Suddenly, he stood up, his knees creaking as he did. 	"The third thing I have for you," he said absently. 	The old man walked over to the Christmas tree, fumbled in the dark, and then lifted a medium sized box, wrapped in plain whiteish paper. 	"This is the third," he said, walking it over to her. 	"A gift!" Elaine said, and as she said it, she was reminded suddenly of what she had seen in the man's trunk when she had spied on him through the walls. At that moment, she wanted the box more than anything. 	Before he could extend the thing to her, she stood, reached out, and grabbed it with greedy hands. Yes, she wanted whatever it was. She wanted it because she could feel that whatever was in that box, it was hers. Not an old story, or a silver dollar. Hers.	She began to rip at the packaging, but John Jacob grabbed her hand, as quick as a cotton snake in water. 	"No, not here," he hissed, the fire lighting his now fearful eye. 	"What is it, John Jacob?" she asked him. Elaine would open the thing regardless of what this old man told her. Her mind, on that at least, was made up. 	He knelt before her. 	"I'm. . .not so sure what it is," he began. He, not unkindly, wrenched her hand away from the box, and placed her small fingers in his huge palm. 	"All I know, Elaine, is that your father made it for you. He asked me to give it to you."	With that, the old man stood up, looked at his granddaughter, and turned away towards the rooms. Elaine thought that he would not look back, but after several steps, he did. His large body was almost entirely shrouded in the darkness of the room. 	"Don't open it until the morning, Elaine." That was all he had to say, for he was gone nearly before that last word, her name, left his lips. Elaine was left alone in the great dining room, the strange gift in her hands. Chapter ??????? (this is towards the end of the novel, all the rest I’ve written is the very beginning)	The girl now saw that the red door was open to her. Where there had once been no light from between its keyhole now came sun. Strange, because it was night, but not unexpected for such a door to play tricks. The girl had remembered previous tricks it had played, but not the specifics of them. Despite the fuzziness of the memory, the red door at the end of the hallway imprinted itself on her brain. 	"You're not really thinking of going in there," said Jo from behind her. The two girls stood on the far end of the hallway in their night gowns. Jo clutched the other girl's shoulders. 	"Mr. Sandoval told us never to go in there," she said. 	The other girl bit her lip. "I don't care what Sandoval says. I think he's hiding something." 	As she moved towards the end of the hallway, Jo tried to reach out to her, but the girl was like a ghost, faded by the sight of the sunlight between the cracks of the door. 	The other girl didn't notice Jo's discomfort. The red of this door was one of the only things in her memory she could apprehend; of course she would hold on to it if it reached out to her like it did now. 	Her bony hand on the knob. She twisted, and felt weak. As she pushed forward, light came in despite the night. As the girl stepped past the door's threshold and into the room that was beyond, she felt happy in a way she could not understand at that moment. 	Welcoming her was a narrow, rectangular dining room with a large window set on its far side. Taking up most of the space was a great table, laden high with a breakfast banquet. Food! The girl saw now that this was another thing that she remembered, something else that was true to her; a secret for only herself. And she knew also now that that achy tiredness she felt was not a product of her derelict soul, as she had felt, but was the result of a more simple cause: hunger. She was hungry, she had forgot, and now, now she remembered. 	Her knees were on the seat of one of the table's many high backed chairs, and her hands were working there way into the fruits of the banquet without utensils. The girl found that there was everything here; not just the things she remembered, but also the things she'd once dreamed of. It was all breakfast foods, but in every variety. 	Where she had positioned herself in the center of the long table was an enormous tray of flapjacks. Each were thick, white and fluffy on the sides and a rich brown on the top. Syrup and putter oozed from all their orifices. Whoever had laid out the meal had done so with quite an attention to not just quantity, but also diversity. Some of these cakes had blueberries, and the others chocolate; some were plain, and some had strange chunks of fruit flesh that the girl had never seen before. Giant beakers held even more shining maple syrup. There were jugs of orange juice and milk. Several pots of tea and coffee. A pan was filled to the brim with sausages, the other with bacon, and another yet with ham. Bowls held fruits of all kinds: berries with cream, apples and bananas, oranges grapes, and spherical spiked thinks the girl didn't know the names of. The most elaborate part was probably the eggs, which made an appearance on the table in full force: fried, scrambled, boiled, smashed, poached, and baked into pies. The girl reached out to a plate of pancakes, brought her sticky hand back to her mouth, and began to chew. The other girl, Jo, looked on in horror. She had followed the girl into the room.	"What are you doing, Julienne?" she asked. The other girl didn't seem to even notice her as she took another handful of something and shoved it into her mouth. Her eyes were big and blank with some sort of sick desire. 	"Stop," said Jo. "Julienne, stop! Please stop!"	But the girl that she called Julienne would not stop. After gorging herself on several fistfuls of pancake, the girl began fixing herself a heaping plate, with one or more of each item. Her serving forked hit the her enormous plate with a dull clink, and it was then that Jo noticed that there was something else in the room. 	On the far end of the room, by the great dusty window that filtered sunlight into the long dining room Jo saw that there was a small figure. But it was growing bigger. As the other girl dumped several strands of greasy bacon atop a stack of pancakes, Jo felt her own nails dig into her arm. Trembling, she moved closer to it. 	The figure at first looked like a man. But as she moved closer to it, Jo saw that she was wrong. It was a doll, like the one that Julienne had brought into the Sandoval House with her. Like the other doll, it had eyes of glass and skin of cloth. The thing's proportions were skewed, with short and stubby arms and a large, squat pumpkin head. It was dressed in normal clothes; a drab flannel with rolled up sleeves and blue jeans with a plain leather belt. 	Taking a deep breath, Jo leaned down at the thing. As she tilted her head at it, she could see its smile, a long thread of bright pink yarn. It seemed to twitch. Jo leapt back, toppling over one of the chairs behind her. 	"Julienne!" she screamed. She heard no response from her friend, besides the slopping noise of teeth. 	"Julienne!" she screamed again. 	But when she looked back at the thing, she realized that the doll wasn't moving towards her on its own accord. It was pulsing. More, it was–growing. The doll's jeans and flannel seemed to expand slowly with it. Just a little bit every few seconds, but it was happening. Pulsing to the movement of the other girl's teeth. 	"Julienne, stop what you're doing, you're making it grow!" she said to her friend. Again, no response. 	The other girl was too busy with her meal. She felt now how powerful it made her feel, to be master once again of her mouth and her throat. She could feel the starch and fat sitting in her stomach. She guzzled a glass of milk and felt it slide in alongside everything else. This was what she had been accustomed to once, this every day. Wherever she had been before this, it was like this everyday. She didn't have to deal with John Jacob, or the old woman in the kitchen, or even Jo, who seemed both older and more naive. This was all she had needed; she had simply been hungry. 	But as she continued to eat, a question picked at the girl's mind. Why was there food here, and not the rest of Sandoval House. It must be good, for she had tried to enter the room, and Mr. Sandoval had tried to keep her from it. Obviously, she was vindicated. But why this room and not others? Having a hand in everything that went on in his house, if Mr. Sandoval had not lain out this spread, then who had? While these questions had always been present in her head, they only grew bigger as her belly became more sated. Though she had at first ignored them, and then they had frustrated her, the girl began to pay attention to Jo's cries. 	Looking up from her nearly finished plate that dripped with syrup and egg yolks, the girl looked over at her friend. In the corner of the room where the sunlight was coming through was something she had not noticed before. It was fleshy and throbbing with a great sack of a body and a gleaming face. Lying prone on the ground it had swelled to nearly twice her size: man sized. Jo screamed at her.	"Julienne, what is this? What are you doing to make it grow?"  	But the girl did not look at the thing in fear as her friend had. There was something familiar about it that she could not place. Moving close, the girl found that as she tried to look at the thing's face the sun was in her eyes. She pushed past Jo. 	When the girl knelt over the thing and put her hand on her arm, she remembered something. She had been in this room before, in a time and place that she could not locate. When she was much smaller than she was now, there had been a thing nearly this large that had made her breakfast in the sunlight. It had held her, and she felt happy and safe. Now, like a miracle, it had come back to her when she needed it most. 	The girl felt herself falling into its pillowy chest. 	"I'm done with this room, Julienne," said Jo. "I didn't want to follow you in here. Mr. Sandoval is going to hear all about this place, I'm going to tell him you're here."	She looked with fear at the girl and the strange thing that she lay with. 	"And I'm going to tell him about this thing. I don't like it, it's bad and not from this place, just like the stuff you put in your mouth." Jo looked around the room. "This whole place is bad!" She yelled. 	The other girl didn't notice her friend was gone. The sun was bright and warm. The food had made her full and sleepy. And she could never hear anyone in this things arms. Somehow, it was everything that she felt she had ever wanted. It was why she was here. 	Her eyes had taken on what she had eaten and were now like syrup. She drifted into sleep, then came back out of it. Somehow the waking world was better, because it was warm and soft and safe. She didn't want to be anywhere else other than here. For a moment when she woke up she thought she saw that the fleshy bag was not a bag at all but a man. 		He wasn't slender, he was cozy. He had dark hair like hers, but it was short on the sides. He was smiling at her. This was something she had seen before, when she was a little girl. This was another memory, but it was in her waking eyes. She knew that it was this man that had made her all the food. The girl was living in a good memory, and she knew for a moment that she was actually happy. She didn't need to look at this thing from afar, in secret. She didn't need to follow its strange rules, they somehow had the same rules. She could be here with it, and it wouldn't ask her any questions. In the sunlight, she didn't even need to ask any questions of herself.	Then something bad happened. 1