Opening


        His daughter was asleep in the next room when I shot him, that’s what haunts me most. Cassie was asleep on the Chief of Staff’s couch when I pulled the pistol out of my pocket and aimed it between her father’s eyes. I’d kissed her flushed forehead before walking into the Oval Office, and had pulled her father’s tuxedo jacket more securely over her shoulders. She didn’t have her comfort blanket, and I remember wondering how on earth he ever got her to fall asleep without it. It didn’t feel unnatural to me then, leaning over her with a gun against my thigh. It wasn’t the first time I’d done it, though usually I wore pants instead of a taffeta gown. I didn’t pause to think. I paused to kiss her goodnight, but I didn’t pause to think. I simply shot him[a]. And then I ran. 
        Back then all I thought about were logical solutions. I figured every problem could be solved quickly and well by finding a logical answer. I’d analyze every angle, I’d discredit any perspective that brushed up against emotion, and made a decision based on that passive outlook. That was how I fixed things. Whenever I was unhappy or something went wrong, I took a step back and made a pro/con list. When I got drafted at the end of my senior year of high school, I figured it would look good on a transcript. When the war got more serious, I reasoned that the country would have ended up there anyway. When I dropped nukes, I thought they’d help end the war. When I got shot down, I could see a list of things I’d done wrong scrolling across my eyes. So when I shot the President, I wasn’t thinking about Cassie. I thought that it was the next logical step to ending the war. Though it turned out, it wasn’t that simple. 
        Cassie loved the board game CandyLand. She couldn’t get enough of it. I think she played it every day, if not multiple times a day. She had every card memorized, every character named and given a backstory, she knew the rule book so well she could sing the rules to the tune of Frere Jaques. She’d been playing CandyLand the night I shot her father. It was spread out on the coffee table in the Oval Office, I noticed it as I went in. She could play the game by herself and be completely happy, but I knew too that having her father in the room would have sent her over the moon. He tried to spend as much time with her as he could, but parenting as the President calls for sacrifice. She was told no more often than I thought she should have been. She loved him though, loved him and forgave him for his work. Her mother told her that he was protecting the country and she saw him bedecked with cape and boots and a P for President emblazoned across his chest. When he and the First Lady had to attend special functions, I would sometimes babysit, and every time she’d beg to stay up late to see him. Sometimes she’d fall asleep, but I remember once she stayed up past midnight sitting in front of the Residence door until he walked in. She threw herself at his dress shoes laughing and giggling ‘til she was fit to burst and he had to read her three books before she let him sing her to sleep. She loved him like any little girl loves her father, if he’s kind and attentive like the President was. With her whole heart. 
She was holding a CandyLand playing piece when I walked in on her asleep on the Chief of Staff’s couch. It was the red one, a little sharp on one end because it had broken once under some government official’s shoe. Worried about her cutting herself while she slept, I carefully slid it out of her grasp, intending to place it somewhere in the Oval Office. But once I walked through that door I forgot it was in my hand. I shot him and ran. 
        I joined the President’s Guard in the fall of ‘18 because I got shot down in the summer. I was flying surveillance over California, trying to get some shots of activity around San Francisco and Berkley. The night was clear, Orion on my shoulder, and I was following routine in a rather distracted manner. I only had to fly over the areas at a certain altitude and make sure I didn’t attract much attention. It wasn’t complicated or tricky, and I got cocky. In hindsight it makes sense that I got shot down; they were planning a major strike on government outposts in those areas. If I’d completed my mission, their forces would have been decimated before the sky grew light. 
I’d unbuttoned my uniform shirt and was eating a sleeve of Thin Mints I’d stolen from the Mess freezer before taking off. I knew how to recognize the sound of anti-aircraft missiles early enough to perform evasive maneuvers, but that night I was caught with a hand full of cookie and a sleeve twisted around my palm. They hit me twice, once in the tail and once in the right wing. I went into a nosedive. I knew that if I parachuted out, I’d be captured and interrogated. As a nuclear pilot, I had been provided with a cyanide pill sewn into the right breast of my uniform. In that busted plane, fire behind and beside me, warning lights flashing like a strobe, the fuzzy carpet of trees beneath me starting to look less and less soft, I knew I would never take that pill. But I didn’t want to be in the position where I’d have to break regulations. So I waited until the plane was only a mile or so above the treetops before bailing out, and pulled the chute immediately to catch the heat the exploding plane would emit. I landed a couple miles away from the wreckage and cut the burning parachute off of my back. I dislocated my shoulder in the fall, broke my nose, and got a bad burn down my right calf. I used the stars to find east and ran towards the border. Government forces picked me up three days later two miles from Nevada. 
First Day as President’s Guard
        I chose the White House job because I wanted the money. It paid extremely well. I didn’t even postpone my assignment so I could visit home; I saw the figure on the paper, signed it, and got on a plane. I wrote my father a letter during the flight to tell them why. They’d hear about my decision before I’d be able to call them: “Patriotic Nuclear Pilot Takes Job at White House” would be scrolling along the bottom of their TV. 
Murder
        I shook hands with the Vice President and stood and smiled beside her as she thanked donors and laughed at their jokes. After a couple minutes, I was no longer in the center of the public eye. I put my hand on her shoulder and nodded a goodbye. She dismissed me with a short smile before shifting her stance to close me out of the circle. I edged out of the crowd and down a back hall towards the Oval Office. 
        I don’t remember being nervous. It was simply another mission. The next step of the war. I turned into the Chief of Staff’s office, knowing he and his secretary would be at the party. I slipped into the room unnoticed. 
        On his couch was a familiar little bundle, her red hair bunched up around her shoulders and tossed over the sofa armrest. Her back was to me, her left arm curled over her stomach and cradling her right elbow as she sucked her thumb. I caught myself smiling; she never had broken that habit, no matter how hard her parents tried. Her father’s black suit jacket was slipping off her, caught around her legs but leaving her shoulders and back exposed. I crossed the room and pulled it back up over her shoulders. Her cheeks were flushed with sleep, her eyelashes pale against the pink skin. I brushed her hair back away from her face before reaching into my pocket for the handle of the gun. I walked through the connecting passageway between the Chief of Staff’s office and the Oval Office and locked the door behind me. 
        The Oval Office was dimly lit, mirroring the sleepy atmosphere of the room behind me. The President was standing in front of his desk, hunched over and examining a stack of documents in front of him. He swished a glass of his favorite scotch in his right hand, the soft clinking of the ice breaking the silence of the room. When he heard the sound of the door and the material in my skirt swishing as I approached, he turned and smiled. He only got through half of his question before I pulled the trigger. 
        It had been a while since I’d fired a gun. The sound of it startled me, shocked my ears and froze me for a second. His body fell to the floor with a gentle thud against the carpet. I flicked the safety on, my feet already carrying me reflexively out of the room and out onto the back porch. 
Running
I leapt off the stone porch ledge to run across the lawn towards the east wing of the barracks. I’d hidden my duffel in the bushes there, packed with a change of civilian clothes, a water bottle, and a couple protein bars. I ripped open the back of my dress, sending buttons flying in my shaking rush to change. I peeled the bodice away from my chest, threw a shirt on, kicked aside the dress and nearly fell over, pulled pants up and buttoned them without zipping the fly, shoved my feet into the boots I’d brought, and without stopping to lace them I ran. They’d use that dress as a scent for the dogs to find me that night. I left the gun there as well; the plan was for Daire to take it so he wouldn’t be incriminated in my acquiring of the weapon. 
        The escape plan was, at best, unfinished. I could get out of the White House compound, there was a back gate that was considered the Portal, the way out for a guard who wanted to spend some time outside of the compound. If you were assigned guard duty at that gate, you turned a blind eye and remembered who had left to either let them back in or tell the next shift who was gone. Getting out was easy. But beyond that, our discussions always ended with “Look for a place whose doors would be unlocked, find a dark basement, and wait for Daire or Easton to figure something out.” So I ran into the city center, shoe laces and hair whipping back in the wind, looking for a place that stayed open until two in the morning. 
        Most of the places I passed were dark. The sidewalks were narrow, homeless people were asleep in doorways, no one else was in the streets. Softly, gradually, the siren began to howl from behind me, interrupting the echo of my footsteps rattling between store fronts. I could barely breathe from the combination of cold air and adrenaline. They’d be looking for me, searching my room. Daire and Easton would be in custody. They had to lie well enough to be let go, so one of them could get me out of whatever hell hole had left its door unlocked. None of the stores I’d passed were open. Out of desperation, I ran up to a church on the nearest street corner. The street light was out, and I took advantage of the darkness to try the side door. It swung open. 
        I darted inside quickly, stepping into a pitch black narthex and letting the door fall closed behind me. Silence wrapped around my neck and I leaned against the door trying to stifle my panting. I couldn’t see anything; the room was crowded with the kind of dark that presses against your eyes like cotton. 
        Movement somewhere close by. Fear ran up my back like needle-sharp nails, and I pulled my phone out of the outside duffel pocket and flicked on the flashlight. The room was empty, long and empty; the sound had come from behind one of three sets of double doors leading off into what I assumed to be the sanctuary. Light leaked out from the cracks between the doors and through small diamond-shaped windows in the center of each. I started checking doors leading out of the narthex, keeping the flashlight trained on the floor and away from the three doors where the sound had come from. I found a bathroom and a couple closets filled with folding chairs and dusty boxes, but nothing good for hiding in. The sounds, though intermittent, seemed to be coming closer so I bolted for a flight of stairs. The soles of my boots tapped noticeably on the stone steps, but I climbed two at a time and was quickly around the curve and at the top, blinking in brilliant light. 
I was standing in a balcony overlooking an immense sanctuary that must have been able to seat at least five hundred comfortably. I flattened against the stairwell wall, eyes darting about trying to simultaneously adjust to the sudden flood of light and to search for people. But as far as I could see, the room was empty. I edged around the corner and looked for a better hiding spot. 
        Feet on the stairs behind me. I dove for the row of pews on the other side of the stairwell and cowered flat under the closest one with my bag crushed under my chest. 
        “Hello?” a woman’s voice called. “Can I help you? If you need a place to stay tonight I can direct you to the church office, we’ve got a fund to help people get into shelters…” 
        Her boots sank into red carpet less than half a foot from my nose. I held my breath. 
        “Hey,” she said, squatting by the pew and tilting over to look at me. “Can I help you?” 
        I rolled out from under the pew and darted towards the stairwell but she caught hold of the strap of my bag. “Hey!” she said. 
        For a split second I tried to yank my bag out of her grasp, but when she didn’t let go I slid it off my shoulder and leapt for the stairs, nearly falling down them in my rush to get away from her. 
        “Wait,” she called after me. “Thea, wait!” 
        I paused at the foot of the stairs, startled.
        “Did you do it?” she asked, rounding the corner of the stairwell, the fingertips of her left hand brushing against the wall to steady herself. “Did you kill him?” 
        “What?” I shook my head a little and furrowed my eyebrows. 
        “You’re Thea Loaring, right?” 
        “Yes, but--” 
        “Daire and I are good friends, he told me all about you. You must have done it.” She’d reached the bottom of the stairs. My bag dangled from the fingers of her right hand as though she’d forgotten she was holding it. 
        “Yeah, I did.” 
        “And you need a place to hide.” Her brown eyes flicked between mine and I was suddenly aware that I hadn’t put a bra on. I crossed my arms over my chest.
        “Yes,” I said. 
        “The steeple,” she said, and handed me my bag. “Come on.” She turned and walked back up the steps. I followed, slack-jawed. She led me back up to the balcony then up a red-carpeted flight along the side of the balcony to a door painted the same shade as the walls. She pulled a ring of keys out of her pocket, then extracted another ring with only two keys on it and used one of those to unlock the door. It opened outward and she gestured me inside. 
        “Use your flashlight,” she said. “I’m going to lock up the church and make it look like no one was here. This door will lock after you.” 
        “Thank you,” I said. 
        “Best of luck.” She turned to go. 
        “Wait,” I said. She stopped and looked at me. Her eyes were brown and they seemed to swallow up her pale cheeks. “You’re a pastor, right?” 
        “Yeah,” she said. 
        My heart was beating too quickly in my chest but I couldn’t tell if it was from fear or from her gaze. “Can you tell me something, then? Was what I did right? I mean, politics aside, was I right to kill him?” 
        I don’t know why I asked. I’d never felt unsure about killing him after I’d decided to do it, never until that moment, standing on that red carpet gazing at her red hair. I needed to know. 
        Her eyes darted between mine again as if she were trying to read a sentence that was too faint to make out. “If you’re asking biblically, thou shalt not kill is one of the commandments,” she said, “but the Old Testament gets iffy on the matter especially in regard to soldiers. And the early Christians had plenty of blood on their hands, so the New Testament doesn’t help much either. If you’re asking based on my understanding of God, I’d say that’s up to you. I can’t tell you what God thinks.”
“What do you think God thinks?” 
        She sighed. “You don’t have time to have this conversation with me. Go hide.” She started to turn away. 
        “What’s your name?” I asked, a little too loudly. 
        “Sarah Gail Rinner,” she said, glancing over her shoulder as she went down the steps. I watched until she rounded the corner then stepped through the door. 
I was encased in darkness. I could hear her footsteps on the stairs below me. I clutched my bag to my chest and held up the light on my phone. Another rickety flight of stairs led up to a thin wooden platform. I started climbing, trying to make my feet soft on the wood steps. If there were ghosts anywhere in a church, I figured they had to be here. The walls were dark and unpainted, an untold number of years of grime worked into the surface until it seemed to suck light out of the air. The stairs only looked sturdy in that the wood was not bowed or cracked, but I was  not reassured by the nail heads jutting out of the boards or by the lack of a banister; to my right was a sheer drop back down to platform the balcony door opened onto. 
        After about twenty steps, I reached the second platform. The ceiling was low, the room dark despite the brightness of my phone’s flashlight, and in the center of the room hung a rope swaying gently a draft circulating down from what must have been the belfry. I looked around for a place to conceal myself, but the platform was bare. So I sat just out of reach of the rope’s swing and turned off the light. 
        The total darkness made me shiver as I imagined what kind of spiders and church-haunting ghouls could be crawling over my skin now. The heel of my shoe dug into my thigh. The darkness was like a blanket around my throat. I turned the flashlight back on. 
        A soft knock on the door down below, then footsteps on the stairs. “I’ve locked the place up,” Sarah Gail said, coming into view. “I should head out of here.” 
        In a split-second decision, I turned the flashlight off and tucked my phone into my bag before handing the duffel to her. “Will you take this?” I said. “And let Daire know where I am? And if I get caught, will you hold onto this for me?” 
        “Yeah, of course.” She reached out for it, guided only by the faint light from the open door down below. “Do you need anything?” 
        “No. Thank you.” 
        “Of course.” She hesitated at the top of the stairs. “You’re not what I expected.” 
        I smiled. “Daire always said that to me.” 
        “You should stop by sometime once all of this is over. When I’ll have time to answer your question.” 
        “I’d like that.” 
        She turned and went down the stairs, taking my bag with her. When she shut the door, I was once again encased in darkness. I could hear the bell rope creak as it swayed slightly. The sound of the White House siren was muffled, but not entirely. The hair on my arms rose as I listened to it. I remembered the smell of hot iron and the spray of blood. And for the first time I thought about the child asleep who must have woken up at the sound of the gunshot. I dug my nails into my thighs and remembered instead that I wasn’t wearing a bra, that it was still tucked inside my bag, that if they found me it wouldn’t really matter, would it? 
        Gray light was seeping into the room from a crack in the wall to my right. I stood up and followed [b]it, pressing my face against the wood to peer out over the city. The war was going to end soon, I thought. Maybe even as early as tomorrow. Maybe the generals and chiefs would call it off, at least pause and re-examine positions. A Congressional vote would take longer, but maybe the chiefs would hold off on any big military plans. People would be safe from the double strike planned for tonight. The Vice President would be preparing a speech. And soon the country would be safe. 
        Dogs. I heard them from blocks away. The soft sound echoed up to reach me, cutting through the hum of the wind and the rope. I reached out my hand and groped for the rope. I jumped when it finally struck my hand, but I caught it and held it so it wouldn’t make sound. Definitely dogs, baying and yelping, egged on by human shouts. They were coming for me. 
Didn’t take them long to reach the church. Shadows cast by flashlight beams preceded the soldiers; I watched them approach through the crack in the wall. I still gripped the rope, though it’s sound would not have cloaked the lock breaking on the side door three flights below me. 
        Voices at the steeple door. An angry twisting of the locked knob. My palm was slick with sweat against the rope. They yanked the door open. There was nowhere I could go, nowhere else to hide, only one way up and one way down. So I stood, took the rope in both hands, and pulled. By the time they reached me, the force of the bell was pulling me almost off my feet and the low sound was resonating all across sleeping Washington, D. C. A call of freedom.. A call to look at the morning newspapers and see the picture from security footage of a woman in a blue ball gown with a bright yellow sash pulling the trigger as the President reeled backward, blood spattering across the desk behind him. 
        They dragged me down the stairs, shins knocking against each step, stuffed me in the back of a van with two armed guards standing on either side of me, and delivered me to the gates of an internment camp on the edge of Ohio. 
Internment
        
        I couldn’t tell what time it was when they dragged me out of the van. It was either night or early morning. I’d tried to sleep a little in the van, propped up on either side by armed soldiers I recognized from the Washington barracks. I hadn’t expected to be in the car that long, so for the first couple hours I had been so pumped full of adrenaline and dread that I’d sweated through my shirt. By the time we arrived, I was rank. 
        They took me straight from the car into a concrete building and put me in a small square cell with a mattress, a bucket, and a small rectangular window opposite the door. The hall was silent, completely silent. If I held my breath I could hear the guard breathing outside my cell, but otherwise--nothing. I tried asking him questions, framing them in my best humble sucking-up tone, but he wouldn’t even tell me what time it was, much less where I was or if anyone else was imprisoned with me. The mattress lay on the concrete floor and didn’t have sheets or a blanket, so I sat on it and stuck my legs straight out in front of me. My shoes were still untied. No point in tying them now. I figured I would only be there a few days. I had to at least have a trial, and people would see what I had seen, that killing the President was the only way out of the war. It was the only way. And how could I be put in prison for ending a civil war? That wouldn’t be right, surely, Easton and Daire would tell the world and it would all be cleared up. I ran my fingers through my hair, feeling the crunchy remnants of the hairspray Daire had showered me with before I left for the fundraiser. Surely I would only be there for a few days. 
        
I was there for four months. Two weeks in I was pulling the warden’s old newspapers out of trashbags on my way to the dumpsters and stuffing them and their grease stains down the front of my uniform. I was desperate and disappointed. I needed to see any sign of progress, nevermind that when a guard found the paper I’d lose the privilege to hear another person’s voice for a week. I never heard from Daire, much less Easton. I wasn’t allowed to make any phone calls, or even write a letter. I was entirely isolated. I could not interact with other prisoners, mostly because they all either hated me or avoided me. I ate alone, I worked alone, when they put me in isolation the only difference was a lighting change--isolation rooms didn’t have windows. The voice in my head became as loud as if I were speaking. I loved when snow fell. It never got deeper than five inches, but I’d wake up in the morning and smile at the white outside before I remembered where I was, and at least towards the beginning of my stay, a little after too. I’d fall asleep watching the flakes fall thick through the bright beams of light from the watchtower that glanced past my window; if the wind blew, they looked like moths or junebugs dancing in a porchlight. 
        There was no way out of that situation. There was no one to appeal to; I wouldn’t know what to say even if there was. I’d fought on both sides of the war, with disastrous success. I tried to hold onto my logical rationalizations, but with that much time alone in my head I started to think about Cassie more. There was logic behind killing the President, but there wasn’t any logic behind killing her father. [c]
Pardon[d]
        
        The bailiff called out, “All rise!” The room filled with the scuffling of feet on hardwood. “The Supreme Court of the United States of America is now in Session. All those having business before the court draw near and you shall be heard. The Honorable Justices MacAphee, Preston, Marshall, Louiston, Timberlake, Janison, Washington, Hafeez, and Yusuf presiding.” 
        Nine black-robed people walked in and sat behind the elevated desk. “Be seated,” the woman in the middle seat said. “Is the prosecution ready?” 
        “Yes, Your Honor,” a brown-haired man said from the table across the aisle. 
        “And the defense?” 
        “Yes, Your Honor,” the man sitting next to me said. 
        “The Justices and I agree that we’d like to complete this trial today. The country needs resolution on this matter. That being said, prosecution, do you have any matters to take up with the court before we begin?” 
        “Yes, Your Honor.” The brown-haired man stood up, buttoning his suit jacket as he did. “This trial we embark on today is monumental. This is the first trial before the Supreme Court that involves both a jury and the questioning of witnesses. This was done because the classification of the trial did not concern solely the military and could not have been resolved by a court marshall. No, this offense was against the people of the country as much as it was a flagrant disobeyal of the military system. I would like to ask the court to keep in mind that their verdict will determine not only the fate of the defendant, but the fate of many people who fought in this war. The court’s decision will set the tone for how our country recovers from the events of the past three years. We are writing history today. I thank everyone for their time and participation in this trial.” He nodded to the Justices and sat. 
        “Defense, do you have any preliminary matters to take up with the court?” the middle Justice asked. 
        “Yes, Your Honor,” the man next to me said, and stood. He mirrored the other man perfectly, his long fingers performing the same dance around the button of his suit jacket. “I would first like to thank my fellow lawyer for his words, they were well-said. And he is entirely correct, this trial is completely unprecedented in both form and content. However, I’d like to build on his sentiment. This trial is not to determine culpability. We are not here to examine evidence to prove an action. We know what Thea Loaring has done, there is no need to call a jury to determine whether or not she committed certain actions. We are called here today to instead determine if she did, in fact, ever commit a crime. We are here to examine intention, if not result as well. We are here to see if Thea Loaring’s actions conflict with our current regulations regarding pardoning people involved in the war, if her position in the President’s army denotes treason or loyalty, with the same discernment having to then be applied to her actions in the Oval Office. Is she to be punished for serving her country by performing her duty in the military, or punished for serving her country by killing the mastermind behind the manipulation that has left our country riddled with a pandemic of radiation illnesses? Should we lock her away or award her with medals? That is what we are here to determine. As my fellow lawyer said, the ruling of this court will create a precedent for all following cases regarding the state’s treatment of people involved in the war. I ask that everyone involved in this decision to keep all of this in mind as we examine witnesses. Our nation has to decide how to move forward from this war. Thank you, Your Honor.” He sat down and surreptitiously unbuttoned his jacket. I looked over at the other lawyer and saw that he, too, had unbuttoned his jacket without anyone noticing. 
        “Prosecution, you may call your first witness.” 
        The lawyer stood and buttoned. “The prosecution calls Admiral Keisha Williamson to the stand.” 
        A tall woman in uniform walked up to the bailiff who offered her a Bible. “Place your right hand on the Bible, raise your left.” She complied. “Do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth?” 
        “I do.” Her voice was deep. 
        “Take the stand.” The bailiff waved her up the couple steps to the witness stand. She kept her shoulders very straight as she walked, her jaw clenched. The skin under her neck was sagging a little, but I never would have thought of her as old or even past forty. 
        “Admiral Williamson,” the prosecutor said, moving out from behind his table. He stood in front of the stand with his hands clasped behind his back. “What was your position in the White House?” 
        “I was the Secretary of Defense,” she said.
        “What all did that job entail?” 
        “I directed all Department of Defense forces, the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Airforce and Coast Guard, according to presidential orders.” 
        “So, you were second in command over all of the United States military forces?” 
        “Yes, sir.” 
        “Did you also have command over military nuclear functions?” 
        “Yes, sir.” 
        “Without divulging any government secrets,” the lawyer laughed, though no one joined in, “what can you tell us about the process of nuclear warfare?” 
        “The President is the only one who can call a nuclear strike,” the Admiral said. “Advisors are always present in the room when a strike is being discussed, advisors who understand the effect a strike would have on each target. If the President then decided to use nuclear warfare, his order would then be relayed through me down through the chain of command.” 
        “Did you ever come in contact with any of the nuclear pilots?” 
        “I approved every pilot who flew nuclear missions. Their complete profiles would be presented to me before I selected one for a mission. The importance that a nuclear strike did not fail and did not miss was paramount.” 
        “So you would have been the one to choose Major Loaring for her missions?” 
        “Yes, sir.” 
        “Can you tell us why you selected her?” 
        “Major Loaring had a perfect flight record and excellent recommendations. She had never failed to complete an order promptly and accurately. She was the perfect soldier, and she flew well. I watched several of her simulations and she handled the plane well and was incredibly accurate with both the drop and the escape maneuver to get the plane out of the way of the explosion. She was the perfect candidate.” 
        “How many nuclear drops did you call her to perform?” 
        “Two.” 
        “How many nuclear bombs were dropped during the war?” 
        “Five.” 
        “And how many pilots flew nuclear missions.” 
        “Seven.” 
        “Seven?” The lawyer bent over the waist towards her, eyes raised. 
        “Yes, sir.” 
        “Why were there seven pilots?” 
        “Several missions were called off,” the Admiral said. “Pilots were trained to recognize risky situations. If there was any form of anti-aircraft fire, if the weather was adverse to accurate aim or to safe escape, then the pilot had full authority to call off the strike with the approval of their team.” 
        “Did any of these pilots fly more than one mission?” 
        “Several did, yes. To my recollection, three of them flew two missions, one flew three missions.” 
        “Did any of them fly more than one successful mission?” 
        “Only Major Loaring, sir.” 
        “Can you explain to us why?” 
        “Extenuating circumstances, sir. Major Loaring never ran up against extreme weather or anti-aircraft fire while flying nuclear missions.” 
        “How would you classify Major Loaring actions during the war? As her direct superior, what perspective can you give us about her involvement?” 
        “Major Loaring did as she was ordered and did it successfully. That was all I needed to know.” 
        “What can you tell us about her transition out of being a nuclear pilot?” 
        “Since most nuclear strikes the President ordered were few and far between, we often gave nuclear pilots other jobs. They were skilled pilots, it would have been a waste to have them sit in the barracks twiddling their thumbs or playing ping pong all day. Major Loaring flew surveillance missions when she was not on call for a nuclear mission. On one of these missions she was flying over California when she was shot down. Her injuries won her the Purple Heart, but cost her her position in the nuclear program. Every pilot was required to have a perfect record as well as medical history. So we offered her either an honorable discharge or a well-paid job working as a personal guard for the President. I was not very involved in the offering of that job, I don’t know how it was arranged; it was part of protocol for a retiring nuclear pilot. A thank-you from the government. I simply approved the transition, signed the forms.” 










        “V[e]ery well. Now, defendant, call your first witness.” 
        “Yes, Your Honor. I would like to call General Patent to the stand.” 
        An old woman with incredibly upright posture and steel gray hair walked up to the podium, was sworn in, and sat down without looking at me once. She was dressed in uniform, her badges shining proudly on her breast, and her hair was pulled back as tightly as ever. I smiled as my eyes ran over her eyebrows, remembering how I always thought it was the tightness of her bun that forever pulled her eyebrows up and made her look so gravely surprised. 
        “Please state your name for the record,” my lawyer said, moving out from behind the table to pace in front of the witness stand. 
        “General Anna Lynn Patent.” She leaned into the microphone when she spoke. 
        “General Patent, when did you first encounter the defendant?” 
        “She was assigned to my squadron on the first of January, 2017.”
        “How often did you interact with the defendant?” 
        “I was her flight teacher. She expressed interest in the position, and as my other two pilots were about to graduate into active duty, I requested permission to teach her. I received permission in February I think, I don’t remember the exact date at the moment. After that, I gave her private lessons every afternoon, 15:00 to 17:00 after basic training. That continued until June of that year when she graduated.” 
        “When you say she expressed interest in the position of pilot, can you describe to us how the defendant conveyed that to you?” 
        “My squadron knew I’d soon have openings for pilots in my training program; many of them approached me and asked for a position. Major Loaring was not as enthusiastic as some, I’d even say she was shy about it, but she did ask me if there were any positions left. Said she’d always wanted to know how to fly a plane.” 
        “Did the defendant ever express interest in dropping nuclear bombs?” 
        “No sir, I’m the one who recommended her to the nuclear branch.” 
        “Did she ever express interest in dropping any sort of bomb?” 
        “No sir. I started her off learning how to fly transports.” 
        There were titters among the jury that faded before the judge could slam her gavel. 
        “Can you explain to me how you reached the conclusion to recommend the defendant to the nuclear branch?” 
        “Major Loaring had a good eye, she knew how to read the weather without needing her instruments. She listened to the plane well and had good reflexes. I tested her a couple times in a simulator flying a loaded transport under heavy fire, and she navigated each situation with a light touch and a cool head. She was unlike other pilots I’ve trained who wanted to fly for the prowess of it. From what I observed, she loved being in the air. Because of that, she was more willing to listen to her flight crew. She wasn’t arrogant. She knew people’s lives depended on her, and she seemed to understand the weight behind each decision. A nuclear pilot has to be able to exit the drop zone incredibly quickly or else risk being knocked out of the sky by the explosion. She has to read the air and actions on the ground in order to best weigh her ability to safely execute the mission. Many nuclear missions were called off by the pilot because of unfavorable weather or unexpected anti-aircraft fire. Most of the failed nuclear missions failed because of a pilots inability or unwillingness to call off the attack due to a sense of heroism. I believed Major Loaring would not succumb to the latter. She weighed the life of her crew over a completed mission, as was expected of all nuclear pilots. She did not become a pilot to be a hero. She became a pilot because she wanted to fly.” 
        More sound from the jury box. This time the judge did have to slam her gavel. 
        “General Patent, assuming you started training the defendant in the middle of February, say the fourteenth, and continued to train her on a regular schedule of two hours a day until she graduated in June, you didn’t specify a date so I will assume the middle of that month as well, the fifteenth, making the total count of hours spent alone with the defendant around 242 hours, in all of that time did the defendant ever express to you any sort of political belief or otherwise that may have indicated a particular desire to be fighting in the army?”
        “No, sir. We never discussed it. I knew Major Loaring had been drafted into service. As long as she performed her duty, it did not matter to me whether or not she believed in the President and his government.” 
        “And did she perform her duty?” 
        “Admirably, sir.” 
        “Did the defendant ever give you cause to believe that she could kill anyone?” 
        Patent laughed. “Sir, we were in the army. If she hadn’t given me cause to believe that she could kill someone, I would have reported her and sent her back down to boot camp.” 
        Titters from the jury. 
        My lawyer smiled and nodded to her. “Excuse me. Let me refine my question. Did the defendant ever give you cause to believe she could kill someone outside the confines of battle?” 
        “No sir, but I must add,” everyone in the room seemed to lean forward, “Major Loaring’s assassination of the President was not outside the ‘confines of battle,’ as you call it.” 
        The hair on the back of my neck was standing straight up. This was the first acknowledgment of my treason, of the cold-blooded murder I’d committed, looked a man in the eyes and pulled the trigger while his daughter slept a locked door away. The whole room felt electrified. 
        “General Patent, may I ask you to explain your last statement?” My lawyer was standing still, his back to the jury, eyes boring a hole in the base of the wall in front of him. 
        “Sir, I spent a lot of time with Major Loaring. She and I often discussed hypothetical scenarios in order for me to gauge her immediate response to wartime situations. One such situation I placed before her was assassination.” 
        No one in the room was breathing. 
        “Not of the President, of a government official.” Patent looked uncomfortable, a state I’d never seen her in. She was flushed, and shifted in her chair. “I knew it wasn’t uncommon for nuclear pilots to be assigned to the White House after a short tenor of dropping bombs. It’s a cushy job, and a tradition the army put in place to honor successful pilots. I wanted her to be prepared for anything that came her way. There’s a stock scenario of the assassination of a government official. It is presented to any soldier who is assigned guard duty. In it, a hostile shooter enters a room where the government official is working. The guard is directed to assume that the hostile shooter is fighting for the enemy. The room is treated as a war zone. The shooter is killed rather than captured, and the building is shut down and searched for participants in the attack. I taught this scenario to every pilot I recommended to the nuclear board. I am not sure if they were ever taught it again, but I know they were instructed on how to perform in such a situation. They were to treat it as an act of war. According to the training I gave her and the amount of time I spent with Major Loaring, I believe that her act of assassination was not murder, but a tactical decision based on her understanding of the status of the war and how that war was being conducted. She acted like a soldier.” 
        “Objection,” the opposing lawyer said. “Speculation.” 
        “Denied, she is within the bounds of her expertise.” The middle Justice crossed her arms. “However, please try to remain within the confines of fact, General Patent, rather than veering into speculation.” 
        “Yes, ma’am.” 
        I shivered. My psyche was being examined in front of me, people drawing conclusions from parts of my life that I had never considered. 
        “General Patent, if we can examine your last statement. What do you mean when you say the defendant ‘acted like a soldier?’”
        “She acted as she was taught to act, sir.” The flush in her cheeks had receded to two small red spots over each cheekbone. “From what I understand of the situation, from the surveillance tapes we watched, I recognized many actions we teach our soldiers.” 
        “Would you care to list those actions to the court?” 
        “Of course, sir. When Major Loaring entered the room, she firmly shut the door behind her and locked it. This is a tactic we teach soldiers to recognize in a potential shooter. It indicates a fear of intruders, the inference being that the person is afraid of guards entering the room from behind. Loaring also did not hesitate or pause for dialogue with the President. We teach soldiers to never hesitate when it comes to orders. A mission has to be enacted immediately and with purpose. It is not a soldier’s job to think, it is a soldier's job to act. It is my job to think in order to best instruct my soldiers and keep them safe. A soldier understands this and is trained to trust that their superiors have considered all the options. Ergo, she did not hesitate. And then, in Major Loaring’s escape, she exited via the porch, rather than back out through the building. This is an instinct we bring out in soldiers when training them how to survive in a war zone. If they’re outside, they can be spotted from a helicopter and rescued. I doubt Major Loaring had any belief that she would be rescued via air transport, but escaping out of doors would be instinctual for her, especially considering her time spent behind enemy lines.” 
        “Let’s review what you’ve stated, just to make sure I understand everything.” He turned around and resumed pacing. “You spent an exorbitant amount of time with Major Loaring, training her to be a pilot, 242 hours not counting the amount of time she spent in basic training under your supervision. She did ask to be trained as a pilot, but it was your idea for her to become a nuclear pilot, rather than fly transports. And during the time you spent with the defendant, you never discussed the politics of the war and you never witnessed any indication of bloodlust, rather the opposite, you claim that she greatly valued the lives of her crewmates to the point where she considered their value to be greater than that of winning the war. Then you stated that in her action of killing the President, she behaved according to training received by, well let me ask, received by who? How many others received the training you referred to indicated in the defendants actions during the assassination?” 
        “The majority of all soldiers would have received the training I saw indicated by Major Loaring’s actions.” Patent nodded at the end of her statement for emphasis. 
        “The majority of all soldiers. So, Major Loaring behaved as a soldier while killing the President. Your Honor, no further questions.” 
        The black-haired man at the opposite table stood and replaced my lawyer in front of the witness stand. “General Patent, may I inquire, was Major Loaring a good soldier? Rather, did she excel in basic training and in her training as a pilot?”
“Well, sir, she was not the best I’d ever trained. She was capable enough, but was about average when it came to basic training. As a pilot, she had a gentle touch, but flying did not come naturally to her. I kept her in sims three weeks longer than I would have any other candidate for nuclear training.” 
“And when you kept her back in sims, did you intend even then to recommend her to the nuclear board?” 
“Yes, sir. I’d already judged her character in regard to respect for her fellow soldiers, and was waiting to see how well she took to the air before I recommended her.” 
        “You just stated that she struggled in simulators. Did she progress quickly afterwards, or was she still lagging behind other candidates when you recommended her to the board?” 
        “She was not on par with past students, sir, but no one graduates from my classes without being capable of safely and successfully completing missions.”
        “Did Major Loaring ever fail on her training?” 
        “I’d say the one time she did not perform to my standards was when she was shot down over California. She committed several tactical errors. She was able to survive it, but I mark that down to circumstances rather than to her skill.” 
        “Is that the only time you’d say she was not fully prepared for active duty?” 
        “Sir, I never said she was not fully prepared. In that instance, she failed to act on her preparation. In my opinion she got comfortable. But that is the only instance, to my knowledge at least, that she ever failed in that respect.” 
        “Did Major Loaring ever express any hesitation towards becoming a nuclear pilot?” 
        “She was not sure she was good enough. I told her my intentions perhaps two weeks after getting her out of sims, and she was not sure she’d be able to handle the planes. Nuclear planes handle very differently, they have more safety precautions, their operation is very complex and precise. Her hesitation was never that she didn’t want to become a nuclear pilot or serve her country, rather it was the opposite, she was worried she wouldn’t be good enough. But by the end of her training she was confident in her abilities and affirmed her willingness to become a nuclear pilot.” 
        “Did the defendant ever express any patriotic views? Did she ever convey any enjoyment of her position?” 
        Patent paused. “Now that you mention it, sir, I don’t think she ever did. At least not aloud. I always believed she enjoyed flying, but I must have simply inferred from her body language. And I will reiterate, Major Loaring and I never discussed politics.” 
        “Did you have any regular discourse about a topic not related to the army or the war?” 
        “I once helped her get ingredients for a cake when several soldiers from her unit graduated out. I suppose that’s as un-army-related as our discussions went. And even then, we spoke about it maybe three times before it happened, and never afterwards. Anything else would have been in passing. Sir, I would not refer to my relationship with Major Loaring as friendship. I was her mentor. I taught her how to fly planes and serve in active duty. Our discussions did not often, if ever, exceed those parameters.” 
        “So you would not be able to give us any insight into her social life.” 
        “No, sir. None of it ever conflicted with her training, so I never inquired.” 
        “Can you tell us anything about her relationship with her superiors? Did she resent being given orders or ever give you reason to suspect that she would disobey?” 
        “No, sir. She always responded to orders very well, one of the best in her group I’d say. If she didn’t instantly obey, it was because she needed to ask a question on how best to fulfill the order. She strived for perfection, at least while she was under my command.” 
        “Very well. Thank you, General Patent. No further questions, Your Honor.” 
        “Return to your seat, General,” the judge said. Patent rose and stiffly walked past me, again without making eye contact. “Call your next witness, Defendant.” 
        “We call Lieutenant Easton Rivers to the stand.” 
        Easton also didn’t look at me while she walked up and was sworn in, but as soon as she sat in the witness box she offered me a small, quick smile. I had so many questions for her, how her kids were, what had happened since that night, but damned if I wasn’t just grateful to have her smile at me. Her hair was pulled back in her On Duty Bun, the streak of gray running back from her left temple. 
        “State your name for the court.” My lawyer was already starting to pace again. 
        “Lieutenant Jordan Easton Rivers.” 
        “Lieutenant, when did you first come in contact with the defendant?” 
        “Well, sir, she passed through the base I was stationed at occasionally. I’d see her in the mess and in the barracks. We never spoke, though. The first time we met was at the end of September, this September, when she was transferred to the White House. We were roommates.” 
        “Can you give us a little insight into the defendant’s character? Did she enjoy working for the President? Did she enjoy being a soldier? Those sorts of things.” 
        “Yeah, sure. When she first got there, she was kind of quiet, and it took her a second to warm up to us.” 
        “I’m going to interrupt you,” my lawyer said, holding up his hand. “Who is ‘us’?” 
        “Me and Daire. He lived in the room next to us and we shared a bathroom. He was alone in a double, he didn’t have a roommate, and he and I had become good friends before Thea got there. So the three of us would hang out together when we were off duty.” 
        “Thank you. Continue.” 
        “Well, um, Thea preferred soldiering over the publicity stuff the White House was having her do. She preferred being in uniform. She said it made her feel more useful, even though she was just standing there. The first time she got sent a fancy dress for some dinner or fundraiser, she had a lot of fun getting all dressed up because it had been a year or so since she’d last been able to wear anything pretty. She’s nineteen, I mean, of course she was happy to see herself looking pretty. It’s only natural. But I remember she came back from it and was really quiet, she didn’t talk much to me and Daire, she just got undressed and took a shower and came out with mascara under her eyes and told us that it was miserable. She felt like a pet monkey or something, instructed to perform and look pretty. It wasn’t what she wanted to be doing. But she still did it, you know, she always put those dresses on and she spent hours memorizing speeches they sent her.” 
        “Did she ever express any disagreement with what the speeches said?” 
        “Yes, sir. Well, she also just didn’t like having to make them, but after being at the White House for a while she started to notice things. We all did, all of us who worked there, but not to the same extent as she did. She spent all of her time on duty with the President, even some of her off duty time. And she started to notice, like we all had, the inconsistencies pouring out of the White House. She noticed the difference between numbers announced at fundraisers and numbers told to generals and other officials in the Oval Office. I always assumed she noticed them in the Situation Room as well, but she never discussed things that happened in the Situation Room with us, even though Daire would sometimes ask. So, she resented the hypocrisy of the speeches. She resented asking for money that would vanish somewhere between fundraisers and the Oval Office.”
        “Did she ever purposefully alter the content of the speeches?” 
        “Yes, sir. That was the first thing she started doing that even hinted of rebellion. She told us that she hated thinking her parents were listening to her ask for money that she knew wasn’t going towards ending the war and keeping them safe. She felt guilty for it, I always thought. Could be wrong, but I know it didn’t sit well with her. So wherever she could, she changed the wording a little to reflect how she felt about it. Just little phrases here and there, no big policy changes, just things she could mark down to a slip of memory.” 
        “Did you or Lieutenant Daire ever help her in crafting these alterations?” 
        “Daire would help her with word choice and sort of proofread them after she’d finished, but she was good at it. She kept it subtle but knew which words could completely change what the public heard. She was good at what she did. It was amazing to watch. Like the people’s guardian angel or something, you know, she hinted at what was going on, never enough to have her cited as a traitor but enough to make people hesitate. It was brilliant.” 
        “Can you tell me about the origin of the idea to kill the President?” 
        “Well, that came from Daire. He’d always theorized that the only way to quickly end the war was to kill the President, but none of the guards had any chance of doing it. Daire would have done it himself, but he would have been shot before his gun got much past the holster. As soon as we found out that I would be rooming with Thea, he started making plans.” 
        “When was this plan expressed to the defendant?” 
        “She was pretty quick to realize everything going on in the White House. I think maybe only a couple weeks after she got there, it might have been a whole month, actually, now that I think about it, but she started talking to us about how wrong it all was, how she wanted the war to end. So Daire told her about how he and i had reached the same conclusion in the same way she had, though it did take us longer because we were stationed at positions farther from the Oval Office than hers. I don’t think he mentioned killing the President right then, but the two of them became very close and spent a lot of time together without me, so I’m not sure when exactly he told her about it. But we started making plans about midway into her second month with us.”
        “What was her reaction to the planning?” 
        “She didn’t want to do it. She didn’t want to kill the President. She wanted the war to end, and she wanted to help do it, but she tried to find another way. We talked about writing an exposeé and delivering it to Congress, and maybe getting a list of witnesses to sign it, but we were still talking it over when she decided to make the move. The President was planning a double nuclear strike and there was no way to prevent it other than killing him. So she enacted one of the plans we’d talked about; there was a fundraiser that night, and Daire was on duty, so she brought him a fake gun and swapped him for his real one, shot him after the fundraiser, and ran. After that everything went to shit.” 
        “Watch your language,” the judge said. 
        “Yes, Your Honor, I apologize.” She ran a shaking hand along the side of her head. 
        “What was so different about this nuclear strike?” my lawyer asked. “The President ordered multiple while Major Loaring was serving as his guard. Why did this one cause her to enact a plan you say she didn’t fully support?” 
        “It was a double strike, sir, and would have killed hundreds of thousands, not to mention ruining an immense part of the country. She wanted to prevent that. And I think she’d gotten fed up with the politics she was playing witness to. She’d done a couple speeches that week that she wasn’t able to alter enough to make her comfortable saying them, she said them anyway but she came back to the barracks absolutely furious. The war was getting worse. The President was winning. [f]
        
Rehabilitation
        I was in line, halfway to the table where volunteers were handing out government-issued rations of civilian clothes, shoes, and train passes, when I caught sight of her. She was bending over a cardboard box pulling out a stack of jeans, her red hair shining gold in the midday sun. Sweat shone on her creased forehead and she only smiled when someone met her eye. I broke ranks, the official government pardon crinkling between my clenched fingers as I slipped behind the tables and ran towards her. She saw me only a moment before I embraced her and made a startled sound at the sudden impact. 
“Hey there,” she said, hands tentative on my back. 
“Can I stay with you?” I asked. “Please?” 
“Yeah, I was going to ask if you wanted to. Of course you can stay with me.” She held me tighter and I wanted to cry but the tears didn’t come so I let her hold me until a volunteer asked for another pile of clothes. I helped her unpack from the boxes of donations until a guard came out and announced that all remaining trials would be postponed until the next day. I straightened up and shaded my eyes to look at the person calling this news out from the top of the court steps. It wasn’t anyone I knew. I looked at Sarah Gale and she met my eyes with the same look of resignation. Half of the camp was still on the other side of those doors. They’d be spending at least one more night behind bars. The people still working their way through the line looked at each other with relief, all of us thinking “at least it’s not me.” 
“Shall we go?” Sarah Gale asked, holding a box in her arms. “The other volunteers can handle it from here. I’d like to get you settled in.” 
        I nodded and followed her to the parking lot, pausing only when she stopped to say a quick goodbye to several volunteers. I looked over  my shoulder then, at all the people I’d spent the past month with, taking clothes that would not fit and shoes that had been worn thin by someone else’s feet. They would check road maps to find the city closest to where they used to live, but not close enough to feel the radiation pouring off the remains of their homes and families. They’d start over with nothing but the social standing of having been on the “right” side of the war from the beginning. They’d have plenty of stories to tell the grandkids. 
        “Thea?” Sarah Gale called. I turned and followed her to her car, an old Volvo station wagon. She tossed the box in the trunk and unlocked the doors. I climbed into the passenger’s seat and she settled in behind the wheel. “I’m glad to see you,” she said, turning the key in the ignition. “I was going to send out letters or something to see if I could get in contact with you. I wasn’t sure if you were going to be released with the others.” 
        “My lawyer thought it would be good for the public image and help support the court decision.” I strapped on my seatbelt and fiddled with the air conditioning. 
        “Probably true” Sarah Gale eased out of the parking spot and drove out of the lot. “People have been looking for something to blame for all of this, rather than themselves and the public’s blindness. No one likes to admit that they were wrong or duped.”
        “Can we not talk about it?” I rubbed my face and pulled back my hair. “Thank you for taking me in.” 
        “Yeah, of course.” She signaled her turn. “I thought you could stay with me in my house. I’ve got a spare bedroom on the first floor, it’s got its own bathroom and it’s right next to the kitchen.” 
        I leaned my head back against the seat. The freedom behind all of this sent shivers acros[g]s my skin. My right shoulder still ached occasionally from when I jumped out of my plane and dislocated it as I collided into the forest floor. I hadn’t slept alone in a room or had my own bathroom since I was in highschool. I didn’t know if I’d know what to do with those things. 
        It was a quick drive to her house. She lived a block or so down from the church in a small two-story crammed between two much larger houses that threatened to swallow her small square of land. She parked on the street, there not being enough room for a driveway beside her house, got out of the car, and led me inside. I felt incredibly out of place standing in her living room, a sofa on one side and a tv on the other, a steep staircase on my right leading to the second floor, a welcome mat under my boots. I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I crouched down where I stood and burst into tears, struggling for breath more than I was struggling with emotion. 
        “Hey, hey.” Sarah Gale knelt down in front of me and put her hands on my shoulders. I lurched up and away from her. She’d said a bedroom on the first floor so I started looking for doorways. I stumbled past the couch and there on the other side of the television was a door ajar. I stumbled inside and shut it behind me. I slid down to the floor and heaved for breath. 
        The sun was setting by the time I decided to move. tears. I didn’t want to stand, so I crawled across the floor to the double bed. I sat against the frame while I took my shoes and all of my clothes off before crawling into the sheets. I pulled them over my head, closed my eyes, and searched my mind for a place I’d rather be. My room at the White House barracks? Daire’s bed? The barracks at basic training, or boot camp? Home, in Memphis? With each image that flashed in front of my eyes like a clicking slideshow, some other horrible image quickly followed it. The President, and Cassie’s eyes. A slew of generals telling me I could be better if I would only try. My brother. None of these places cried out home. So I cuddled the blankets closer to me and pretended that nothing outside of those sheets existed. I didn’t want to be anywhere. Tears squeezed out of my eyes and slid down my hot cheeks into my hair and onto my hands. 
        A while later Sarah Gale knocked on the door and told me she’d put a plate of food on the kitchen table for me if I got hungry. I did not respond, and was resentful of her voice reminding me of where I was. I knew I should have been more grateful to her, that I should have let her settle me in and take care of me like I knew she wanted to. But I kept the covers over my head because I didn’t want to admit that I was alive. Because if I was [h]alive, then I’d have to face all of the horrible things swarming around outside of my covers like grotesques, black and winged with fingers and toes as long as my forearm, greedy to stick my eyes and dig their tongues into any remnant of myself that I might still like. 
        Late at night I took the comforter with me and found the kitchen table. I sat on a chair with my knees pulled up to my chest, the comforter pulled over my head and wrapped entirely around me so the monsters couldn’t get me, and I ate the cold pork loin and green beans and a slice of cornbread. And then I sat. And I looked at the window in front of me and between the slats of the unclosed blinds I could see slices of my reflection illuminated in a lamp she’d left on. I just looked. I waited to see if I’d do anything. If I’d blink or shiver or cry. But no, she just looked back at me. I wondered if I was real. If the sun would come up and I’d still be able to see my hand held in front of my face. If I’d cry again, if I’d make a sound and if Sarah Gale would hear and come downstairs and not see me sitting here at her kitchen table. If the food would suddenly reappear on the plate because ghosts can’t eat, right? Ghost or phantom or apparition or dream I didn’t know what I was if I was real. Could I be flesh? I wondered if I bit myself if I’d be able to feel it, if I’d be able to taste my skin, if I’d bleed. I wondered if I could bleed. I wondered if the burns on my skin were real. I wondered if they hurt. I wondered if I would ever get to sleep that night. Ha, I wondered what I’d dream about. Can a dream dream? Jesus. The world didn’t have a place for me. Ha, how could it? A dreaming dream. No place for a dreaming dream. But still, I was here. I could feel my weight pressing down into the chair. I could feel the comforter on my head. And my stomach felt heavy as iron. I wanted to melt away. I wanted to fall apart, to just stop, to not not not exist to vanish to be dreamed away, please, God, wake up. Not crying. Nothing left to cry. Where to go? What to do? What to lift this weight from on top of me? Could I make it back to the bed without being crushed? A shower. A shower to wash it all away. Sit in the shower and wash it all down the drain, watch it spiral away maybe I could wash myself down the drain and lose myself in the darkness, seperated into a thousand different molecules and lost into the sewer system, split apart so many times I’d never congeal enough to have a reflection. I stood and left the comforter on my bed and shut the bedroom door but left the bathroom door open as i turned the water on and sat on the floor. I wondered if there was a song I could sing. I wondered--I opened my mouth--but no. Sound would be admitting. Admitting--no I no. Water ran down the bridge of my nose and I wondered if I wanted to drown. I ran my hands over my body, over the burns and the bruises and the ribs and the breasts and the ankles and the vulva and the belly and the neck. Real, all real. Maybe my mind wasn’t real. Maybe what I remembered wasn’t real don’t tell me it happened I don’t want it to have happened maybe if i were young again--maybe if I were a kid again--maybe--but water ran into my mouth and I crumpled my face, ready to cry, but nothing came out. And I wondered if it would hurt. If death would hurt. A dreaming dream. Can a dream feel death? You always wake up before you really die so maybe I couldn’t feel death maybe I’d just lose my reflection. Maybe I’d be able to walk around without having to be reminded that I had to admit I existed. I wondered I wondered I grabbed the half-healed burns on my forearm and twisted, feeling the new skin pull free. And I wondered if it hurt. 


        When I woke up the next morning I peeked out from under the comforter to see if the sun was out. I blinked in the light for a moment, wondered if the monsters were gone, then pulled the blankets back over my head and fell back asleep. 
        Sarah Gale k[i][j]nocked on my door and a little after noon according to the blinking alarm clock on the bedside table. “Hey, Thea,” she said. “I’ve brought you a spare pair of clothes and some pajamas if you want them. I’m going to leave them on top of the dresser. Do you want something to eat?” 
        I reached my hand out from under the covers that were still tossed over my head. I heard her take a few steps forward and then she took my hand, her thumb rubbing my fingers. “I’m sorry,” I said. 
        “You don’t have to apologize,” she said. “It’ll be okay.”


        When I next woke up, I ventured out of bed to put clothes on. The clothes I’d left on the floor were gone. She’d left a pair of old sweatpants, jeans, and two tshirts, one oversized and soft, the other a red tshirt from some local restaurant. I pulled on the sweatpants and oversized shirt, ignoring the underwear. I opened the door and walked out, looking for Sarah Gale. She wasn’t anywhere in sight, but there was another plate of food on the table, this time a stack of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches paired with a peeled orange and a tall glass of milk. I took a few more steps out of the doorway to peer around the corner towards the front room, but she wasn’t in sight. I stood still for a second. 
        Footsteps on the floor above me, then on the stairs. “Hey,” she said, rounding the corner and seeing me. “Want some food?” 
        “Thank you for letting me stay here,” I said, letting her guide me to the table. “I’m sorry about last night.” 
        She rubbed my arm. “Don’t apologize. Eat something.” She sat down cross-legged in the chair beside me, leaning on one arm with her eyes caught on my face. I reached out for the glass of milk and she watched the movement. The burns on my arm shone in the overhead light. She stood up and walked behind me into the kitchen as I gulped down the milk and dug my fingernails into my thigh. “How’s the room?” she asked me. 
        “It’s nice,” I said. 
        She returned and resumed her seat, holding a tube of Neosporin, a bundle of cotton, and a roll of cloth bandages. “The thermostat is downstairs if you ever get too cold or too hot.” She took my arm and used the cotton to dab Neosporin against the shiny pink skin. “You can adjust it whenever you want, it’s just on the wall back there.” She gestured to it with the cotton. “And I won’t be going to work for the next couple days, so I can fix your meals and things.” 
        “You don’t have to.” 
        “I’d like to. Just until you get comfortable. I don’t intend to do it forever,” she set the cotton down and grabbed the roll of bandages, “but it’s the least I can do for you.” 
        I had been holding a sandwich and contemplating taking a bite out of it, but her last statement was heavy with recognition of what I’d done, of the last time I’d seen her. I set the sandwich down. “Do you have my bag?” 
        “I do.” She tied off the bandage and fiddled with the knot to make it lie flat. “It’s under the bed in your room.” 
        I picked up an orange slice and bit off half of it, tasting the sweet juice burst over my tongue. She stood up and walked to my other side. She reached out her hand for my other arm. I set down the half of the orange slice, wiped my fingers on my shirt, and held it out to her. As she repeated the bandaging process, a few hot tears brushed against my cheeks and fell onto the table. Once she finished she pulled my forehead against hers and slung an arm around my shoulders as I wept, my hands limp in my lap. “I’m sorry,” I said again. 
        “Stop apologizing,” she said. “It’s okay.” 
        I finished the orange and half of one of the sandwiches. She ate the other and cleared my plate once I started trudging back into the room. I left the door open a crack and I could hear her start doing dishes, water rushing and pooling in the sink. I sat on the bed and awkwardly reached for the gray, lumpy, dusty duffel bag under the bed frame. I pulled it out slowly, mindful of the bandages tied around my arms. It looked smaller. But I felt small looking at it, so maybe we were the same size as we had been, maybe time hadn’t shrunk or grown either of us. I brushed dust off of the canvas and reached for the zipper. 
        There, inside, my phone. The bra I’d forgotten to put on that night. My old journal. A couple of protein bars. A water bottle. THe black velvet box containing my Purple Heart. A couple letters from my father. I pulled out the phone and tried to turn it on, but it was dead. I got up and leaned out of the doorway. “Do you have a phone charger I could borrow?” I asked. 
        “Yeah, over there.” She pointed to a little table beside the couch and opposite my door that bore a lamp, a laptop charger, and a phone charger. I plugged in the phone and sat on the couch with my knees tucked up, waiting. After a minute or so, the screen flashed white. I typed in my password and pulled up Daire’s contact while months-old notifications flooded in. I sat for a second staring at his name, remembering the feel of his dark curls between my fingers and all the times we fell asleep in the same bed, before I looked up at Sarah Gale and asked, “Do you ever hear from Daire?” 
        Her face was half-shadowed since none of the lights in the kitchen were on; she was illuminated solely by the lamp at my side. She seemed to glow in the yellowness of it, depth added to the brown of her eye, and her hair shone gold. “I haven’t spoken to him much. He’s been on the run for a while, I think he’s in Canada right now. He’s back in college. Trying to be a teacher or something, I think.” 
        My thumb hovered over his number. I looked at the open door to the bed and the duffel on the bag, asked myself if there was anything else I’d rather do to make myself happy, but nothing came to mind and my thumb pressed the number. I held the phone to my ear, leaning towards the lamp to accommodate the charger. It rang four times before he picked up. 
        “Thea, oh my god,” he said. 
        “Hey,” I said, glancing up to meet Sarah Gale’s eyes. “How are you?” 
        “I’m doing just fine, how are you? Where are you? God, I watched your trial on TV, that shit was wild, I almost lost it when Patent was speaking, she’s such an icon--”
        “Daire,” I said, just to interrupt him. 
        “Yeah?” 
        I switched the phone to my other ear. Sarah Gale paused in the middle of scrubbing a pot and looked up at me. “This is what we wanted, right?” I asked softly. “Like, things worked out the way you wanted them to.”
        “I’d say so, yeah. The war is over, the government is reworking itself, the people are having their say about it all. It didn’t work out perfectly, and I suppose I should apologize to you for that, but yes, this is what we wanted.” 
        “Okay. Good.” I nudged the floor with my toe. 
        “How are you doing, kid? You sound different.” 
        “I’m fine.” 
        “Did you find a place to stay? Are you headed home?” 
        “No, I’m not.” 
        “But you found a place to stay? You could always come up and stay with me, my door is always open to you, it could be like old times. Hey, did you get to talk to Easton at all?” 
        “No, I didn’t.”
        “Bummer. I haven’t been in contact with her either. I wonder if she’s gone home to her kids.” 
        I smiled, still staring at the floor. “I hope so.” 
        “Boy, she did talk about them nonstop. I feel like I know them, but they have no idea who I am.” 
        “I’m sure they do.” 
        “Not as well as they know you.” 
        My face crumpled but didn’t let it show in my voice. “I suppose.” When I pulled my eyes open, tears blurred my vision. 
        “You’re a national hero, Thea.” 
        “No I’m not,” I whispered. 
        “You are, you ended the war.” 
        I shook my head even though I knew he couldn’t see it, and he couldn’t see the way I was crying. “I didn’t end the war, Congress did. Daire, I. What I did...” He could hear I was crying, my voice kept slipping between registers. “I don’t know if I can live with this.”
        “Thea, you saved thousands of lives and prevented so much more nuclear waste. Literally, because of what you did, the country has a chance to heal and discover what we want the nation to look like in the here and now, rather than being stuck trying to make centuries-old rules work for the modern day. You’re a one-woman revolution. You enacted more change in a span of two minutes than that entire war did.” He took breath to continue, but I cut in. 
        “I don’t know if I can live being the President’s assassin. Daire, if you could see the way she looked at me…”
        “I did. She was just confused and scared, kiddo.” 
        “I killed her father. She looked up to him so much and worshipped him and now she’s going to have to grow up without him, with him being a mass murderer instead of the man who walks her into school every morning and cooks dinner every night. He was a good father.”
        “Then he should have been able to truly care about the people in his country, instead of invoking nuclear war against people who threatened him.” 
        “I’m fucking sick of you,” I [k]burst out. “You have no compassion, no heart, you yell about the President’s incapability to have a sense of general goodwill but you can’t see the President as an actual person, you only see politics! Politics is people, Daire! If you can’t see humanity in people that you disagree with, are you really any better than them?” 
        “He killed hundreds of thousands! I’m not saying he wasn’t a good father, how would I know, I trust your word on it, I’m just saying that that goodwill didn’t translate into his legislation!” 
        “I killed hundreds of thousands, Daire, that was me. I was the one who pulled the trigger. So why didn’t you come after me, waving around a gun and one of your plans?” 
        “Because it wasn’t your fault!” 
        I stood up and pounded the side of my hand into my sternum. “I pulled the trigger! That was me! I did the killing, me me me! I did it! I did it!” 
        Sarah Gale had hurriedly stripped off her rubber gloves and rushed towards me but I struck her hands away.
        “It was me!” I kept shouting, my voice piercingly high. “It was me it was me it was me! I did it! I killed him! I killed all of them! It’s my fault, my fault! Me, mine! My fault!” I backed away from her, her hands still outstretched towards me, like the hands of the Warden, reaching reaching reaching I threw the phone at her and ran to the door but it was locked I fell against it and sat screaming with snot and tears running down my face until she backed out of sight, the phone in her hands. I slammed my heels into the floor and struck it repeatedly with my fists. “My fault!” I screamed. I need the world to believe me, couldn’t everyone see? “It was my fault!” 
        I fell asleep with my cheek against the floor and my bruised hands pressed under my hips. 
        I woke up in bed. The door was open, she was asleep on the couch with her head on the armrest so she could watch me. Drool pooled under her open mouth. An afghan covered the gentle slope of her body and her hair looked almost auburn in the half light. It was very early in the morning; the light through the blinds carried with it a blue tint and the sound of birds chirping. My hands hurt. I sat up in bed, exhausted of lying still. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and sat letting the remnant of sleep fade out of my mind. I should make breakfast. Maybe cook her some eggs. Repay her for yesterday’s tantrum...I put my head in my hands. Something was really wrong with me, had to be. But I didn’t look for my phone to text Daire and apologize. I got up and went to the kitchen to find a skillet and some eggs. 
        I’d scrambled her two eggs with cheese and ham tossed in with a little basil sprinkled on top with black pepper and a pinch of salt by the time she woke up. “Oh hey,” she said, sitting up and trying to slyly wipe her mouth. “You’re up. What time is it?” 
        I looked at the stove. “Five twenty four.”
        “And you’re making eggs?” 
        I looked at the skillet, realizing my mistake. “Oh. You’re probably not hungry.” 
        “You’re making eggs for me?” 
        “Yeah, I just wanted to do something nice since I’ve been being kind of a bitch.”
        “You haven’t been being a bitch.” She got up, bringing the afghan with her. I scooped the eggs onto the plate I’d set out for her. When I turned around, she had her arms out for a hug. I set the skillet down and cautiously let her envelop me in an embrace and wrap the two of us in the blanket. She was still warm from her nap, heat rolling from her skin into mine. Her head rested on my shoulder, nose buried in my collar bone. I rested my cheek on the top of her head, letting the faint scent of ginger and rosemary dig into my memory. When she spoke, I could feel the vibrations in her back. “Thank you for the eggs.” 
        “I put in ham and cheese, if you like that sort of thing, or I’ll eat these and make you another batch.” She pulled away and I let her, shivering at the loss of the afghan. 
        “Ham and cheese sounds amazing.” She picked up the plate, pulled open a drawer to retrieve a fork, and hopped up onto the counter to eat and watch me make another round of eggs. “How are you feeling?” she asked. 
        “Fine,” I said. 
        “Tired at all?” 
        I shook my head. “Not really. I just feel kind of out of it. But it’s early, and I haven’t been eating.” 
        “Eggs should help.” 
        “Yeah.” 
        She reached out a foot and pulled the nearby fridge door open with her toes. She used both feet to pull out a bottle of orange juice and brought it to her hand. “Want some?” she asked, setting it on the counter and pushing the fridge door closed. She reached up into a cabinet and pulled down two cups. 
        “Sure,” I said, scooping cut pieces of ham into the skillet. 
        “Why did you ask to stay with me?” she asked. She shook the orange juice bottle with one hand.  
        I shrugged. “You’re a safe place. And I don’t want to go home, I…” I bent over the stove.
        “Hey, it’s okay.” She reached out a hand to rub my back. “Forget I asked. I was just curious.” 
        “I think you’re the only person I could stand right now,” I said, using a rubber spatula to push the ham around. “Everyone else...there’s too much history, you know, I’d have to face how they see me. You don’t have any history with me to compare me to. I don’t want to have to explain myself.”
        “That makes sense.” She passed me the bowl of whisked eggs and milk, having sat between me and it. “If you ever do want to talk about it, I’m here for you.”
        “Yeah.” I poured the eggs on top of the browned ham. “Do you have work to go to? I hope I haven’t been keeping you from anything.” 
        She shrugged, scooping eggs into her mouth. “I am fulfilling my calling here rather than in a volunteer line. My church knows that.”
        “What is your job, anyway?” I looked up from the eggs to meet her eye. 
        “I’m head pastor at that church. The First Baptist.” 
        “You can’t be older than your mid-twenties.” 
        “I’m not.” 
        “And you’re head pastor?” 
        “Yes. I graduated from seminary a couple years early because I took classes over the summer while I was still getting my bachelor’s. Baptist churches have been trying to get more liberal, a lot of Protestant churches actually, so they’re looking for women to preach. The First Baptist here has a small congregation and was willing to take a chance on me. I’ve been working there about two years now.” 
        “And you can just stay home? Don’t you have hospital beds to visit, people to pray over? Things like that?” 
        “Careful, you’re scorching.” She pointed at the skillet and I shoved the eggs around a bit. 
        “Seriously, don’t you have to go to work?” I asked.
        “It’s Wednesday. Typically we have activities tonight, but everyone is engaged in volunteer work. I could either join them handing out flowers to people in hospitals, or food to impoverished veterans, or I could be here making sure you’re okay. I think being here is more important.” 
I turned back to the eggs and scraped them out of the pan onto a plate. She handed me a fork. “I’m sorry to be so much trouble,” I said. 
“God, don’t be.” She passed me a cup of orange juice and then hopped off the counter to put it up.  “I kind of like the excuse.” 
        “Why?” The eggs tasted burnt but I continued to eat them anyway. 
        “Well,” she looked at me, as if measuring her next words against my face, “if you want to hear about all of my troubles, I’ll lay them out for you. I’d rather talk through yours, though. They’re bigger right now.” 
        “Tell me,” I said, sipping orange juice. 
        “Well, this church isn’t exactly my dream church. The congregation is too old, they were looking for a woman so the church could appear liberal but they want me to preach conservative. They want to go to their graves holding the same values they heard in childhood and learned how to accept in adulthood. They don’t want to learn anything new. And I get that, everyone wants to die feeling safe about what happens afterward and that they tried their hardest in life. But there’s no outlet for what I really feel called to do, which is to minister to people who were involved in the war, you know, people who grew up in it. Theology is really going to evolve in order to cope with that, and I want to preach at some small church and help people through their questions. I don’t want to change the world, that’s not what I’m saying, I want to get my hands dirty with a small community, you know, discover what they love, what they’ve lost. The church functions best as a place of discovery, perhaps even better at rediscovery. I want to help people rediscover what is b[l]eautiful about the world.” 
        I watched her speak, looking not at her lips but at her throat and her jaw and her eyebrows. Her hands supported her as she leaned back against the counter and she punctuated her speech by jutting out her jaw on certain words or flicking her eyebrows about her forehead. She was beautiful. The casual nature of her stance, the freedom with which she explained something very dear to her, the w[m]ay every time her eyes passed over mine a jolt of electricity coursed from the base of my skull down to my by back and spread across my shoulders as though I were trying to grow wings that would sprout my shoulder blades, all of this caught me by surprise and I realized I was entranced by her. 
        “What?” she asked.
        “Hm?” 
        Her eyebrows melded together. “I shouldn’t be making speeches this early, should I? Go back to bed, I’ll do the dishes.” 
        “No!” I blocked her from reaching the sink. “No, sorry, I was just thinking. I like hearing about you.” 
        She raised an eyebrow. She hadn’t stepped back after I’d intercepted her, so she was inches away from me. I could smell the citrus on her breath. 
        “I’m serious!” I said. “I’ll do the dishes, that was the whole point of this venture. You pull up a chair and tell me more about your plan. It sounds like a lot of work.” 
        She looked at me a little longer, long enough for me to wonder what she could possibly be staring at in my eyes, but then she turned and pulled over a chair from the kitchen table. She sat straddling the back with her arms crossed on top of it, supporting her chin. “What do you want to hear?” 
        “Well, I mean, are you going to do anything about it? Switch churches or something?” I opened the cabinet under the sink, looking for soap and rubber gloves. I pulled both out, stopped the drain, and turned on the water. 
        “I suppose so. I’ve been saving up a bit of a nest egg just for security if I ever do get the itch to just up and quit. Dish rag is under the hand soap.” 
        “Ah.” I grabbed it and continued. 
        “But I’m not sure how many churches are really looking for a pastor. Ideally I’d find a little place in the south, somewhere kind of rural but, you know, more than a thousand people in town. I’m still young, I’d like a couple places to get a drink or dance or watch movies when they come out. But I wouldn’t mind a little rurality. Farmers. Grocers. Maybe it’s kind of romanticized, but I grew up growing corn and tomatoes in my backyard. ‘Course, I did live in a city, nevermind how small it was, but I don’t know. It’s a dream, it can be whatever I want it to be.” 
        “Castle on a cloud.” 
        “Exactly.” 
        “Why the south? I mean, there are plenty of rural places up here.” 
        “I like being able to walk up to people’s front doors and hand them a batch of cookies of a cake or something. And evening discussions on front porches are amazingly delightful.” 
        I nodded. “Makes sense.” 
        “You’re from the south, right?” 
        “Yeah.” 
        “So you must get it.” 
        “I suppose.” 
        “Well, tell me about you. I’ve gabbed on a bit, tell me what you want.” 
        The bowl slid slowly from my hands and plopped into the soapy water. 
        “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t pry.” She stood up and took a couple steps towards me. 
        “No, it’s not that. It’s just that I haven’t thought about it.” My voice seemed to clang around the muffled kitchen. “Not in a long time at least.” I felt her hand on my shoulder. I picked up the bowl and continued scrubbing. “I was going to go to college, maybe to study biology, I always liked it, you know, I was the one who did the dissections while the rest of the kids squealed about it. But now I don’t know. I don’t think I could become a doctor or a vet or anything. I dont...I never expected to survive the war.” I dunked the bowl back down into the soapy water in my surprise at the realization. [n]“Honestly. I don’t ever think I did. I got drafted and I stopped expecting to reach my twenties.” 
        “I can finish the dishes,” she murmured. Her eyes seemed to fill up her whole face, swallowing her pink cheeks and nose and lips until all I could see was their greenish tint. 
        “I’m sorry,” I whispered. 
        “Go lie down,” she said. “On the sofa, go lie down. We can watch some TV or a movie or something.” 
        I let her pull the rubber gloves off my hands and went to lie down on the sofa. She finished the dishes quickly and sat down on the floor by my head. 
        “You don’t have to know,” she said, breaking the silence that had floated between us while she cleaned up my project. “It might be better that you don’t. Gives you time to figure out who you are, so you can know if you’ll be happy doing something you dream of. You’ve got so much time now, Thea.” She reached out as if to stroke my hair but instead quickly pushed it back from my face. “You have the rest of your life, and that will be years. You’re safe now.” 
        A tear slipped from the bridge of my nose and she rocked forward to kiss my hairline. “You’re safe.” 
        I sniffed. “Have you ever watched Gilmore Girls?” I asked. 
        She smiled. “God, I love that show. Wanna start at the beginning?” 
        I nodded and she grinned. “Brilliant.” 
        So for the rest of the day, we watched Gilmore Girls and she fed me sandwiches and popcorn and pretended not to notice whenever tears slid from my eyes. I fell asleep in the afternoon with my legs across her lap and her hand on my shin. 


        She gently shook me awake. “Hey,” she said softly. “Want some dinner?” 
        I nodded and stretched, but curled back up, realizing my body’s sincere reticence to move. I felt sleepy and warm, and for a while my brain’s hectic spinning had ceased. It was dark outside. She’d set the table and, instead of turning on lights, had lit two candles on the table. They cast a golden glow on the room, reflecting off the windows and the stove. Sarah Gale’s face was deeply shadowed as she set two plates on the table and beckoned me over. It was as though her cheeks had gained the depth of her eyes, her skin finally doing its part to reflect her insides. I rose and sat with her at the table. 
        “Why the candles?” I asked. 
        “Wait,” she said, stopping me as I picked up my fork to dig into the homemade mac ‘n cheese she’d set before me. “I’d like to pray.” 
        I set down my fork. She reached across the table, took one of my hands, and bowed her head. “Almighty God. You who know the geography of our hearts, the cracks, the ridges, the scars, you who love us including our flaws, not in spite of them, and without stipulation against them, thank you for bringing the two of us together.” I felt the hair on my arms rise. “Thank you for these past few days, and for the ability to help my friend. Thank you for the end of the war, and may you be with us in this time of healing. Thank you for the food set before us. Amen.” She squeezed my hand before letting go and commencing to eat. “I thought the candles would be nice,” she said to answer my question. I realized I had a startled expression across my face and looked quickly down at my plate. “Something pretty for dinner.”
        “No special reason why?” I asked without looking up. 
        “Does there need to be?” She took a bite and looked at me while she chewed. 
        I shrugged my shoulders. “I suppose not.” 
        She mimicked my shrug and swallowed. “I just like to do pretty things sometimes. Things to make everything feel special.” 
        “Wouldn’t that just make everything normal?” 
        She exhaled a quick laugh. “Not if my enjoyment of them stays the same. I think it’s a celebration every time I light candles because I think the flame and the light are so beautiful. I eat blueberries in the bath because it makes me feel special. I drink ice water out of a wine glass because it makes me feel fancy. I mean, I don’t use a wine glass every time I need a drink, but when I need something to lighten my mood, I have a whole list of small little things that make me smile.”
        I pushed the noodles around my plate. “I guess that’s really great.” 
        She huffed her short laugh again. “What does that mean?” 
        I let my fork clatter onto the plate. “I don’t know, it sounds sweet, I guess.”
        “Okay.” She watched me. 
        “I don’t know, I guess I just don’t get why you try to make everyday things special. Cause not everything’s special. I mean, then you’d just get numb to whatever you thin[o]k makes it special. Like what’s the point of keeping Christmas lights up year round? Yes, they’re pretty, but they’re not special if you don’t take them down. They just become everyday lights.” 
        “And yet they’re always beautiful.” She took a sip from her water, in a cup rather than a wine glass. 
        “Some things have to be ordinary.” 
        “Shouldn’t it be ordinary to be happy? I do little things to make me happy, that make me feel special and beautiful.”
        “It’s ordinary to have to struggle to get through the day. I mean, that’s what everyone does, everything is a coping mechanism.” I let my fist fall softly on the table.
        “I suppose so. But I like to think of it as something that brings me joy, rather than something to help me pass the time.” 
        “Cup half full.” 
        “I’m just glad there’s anything in my cup at all. I make the most of it.” 
        “Don’t preach.” I couldn’t bring myself to eat. 
        “I wasn’t.” 
        “Well it sounded like it.” I stood up, my chair scraping against the floor, and walked towards my room, letting each step reverberate through the floorboards. I stopped before I entered the room. “I’m sorry.” 
        She didn’t turn around. “Come eat something.”
        I walked into my room and closed the door. [p]


        I lay in bed while she finished eating alone at the table, and while she did the dishes, and while she took a shower. I debated going upstairs and apologizing or digging leftovers out of the fridge, but she barged into the room before I could decide on either option. “I want you to tell me something,” she said. She was wearing blue striped pajamas and was toweling her hair dry. “You don’t have to answer if it makes you anxious, but I want to at least ask.” 
        I’d sat up upright when she burst in, and now I scooted back to lean against the headrest. “What do you want to know?” 
        “I want to know,” she climbed onto the foot of the bed and sat with her legs tucked under her, “why you did it.” 
        My eyes felt heavy in my head and I looked at her without any emotion on my face. 
        “Seriously, what made you do it? You’re too smart for Daire’s fast talking, though you didn’t exactly put him in his place when you called him, you let him walk all over you, but still you’re too smart for him. Why did you do it?” 
        “I didn’t know how else the war could end. I knew the President wouldn’t ever stop embezzling and using the money to set up his family for generations, and everything else--”
        “Funding a civil war that destroyed most of the country and afforded him more political power than he knew what to do with.” 
        “Well, he did know what to do with it, that was the problem. He liked the glory of it, you know, and he wanted to get rich enough that his daughter wouldn’t have to ever work if she didn’t want to. And he got real close.” 
        “But why did you do it?” [q]
        “It was the logical end. He was planning another large nuclear strike, somewhere up north, in Washington state maybe, or was it one of the Dakotas? Either way. It was not only preventative measures for the long term, I wanted to stop him before he gave the order later that night. I didn’t let myself think about it. I never really thought about a lot of things I did during the war, because I had to do them. I viewed killing the President in the same category. I did it because I had to.” 
        “But you didn’t have to. You weren’t ordered to do it. You made the choice to go in there and kill him.” 
        “I mean, what do you want from me? Yes, I made the choice, I pulled the trigger, I locked the door behind me and pulled the trigger, I wore the dress and carried the gun, and at every point along the way I could have called it off and Daire might have been colder towards me for a few days and the war would have continued. So yes, I made the decision. I think I did. I expressed my doubts about it, often and verbosely, but I don’t think I ever considered not doing it. I knew I had to do something. And killing the President was something that I could do and other people couldn’t. I had the golden ticket. Paid my way into a four month-long stint in an internment camp and a residual fear of looking my parents in the eyes. Is that what you wanted to hear?” 
        She leaned over and hugged me. Her wet hair dripped onto the clothes she’d leant me. “Thank you for doing it,” she said. 
        “I don’t know if I’d do it again.” 
        “Good thing is, you don’t have to.” 
        “Would you have done it?” 
        She pulled away but stayed close to me, our thighs pressed together and her face only half a foot away from mine. “I don’t know, I wasn’t in your position, I didn’t know about the situation as well as you did. I could go on all day about the President’s faults and the destruction of his war, but you always mention his family. You knew the man. I don’t know if I could kill someone I knew. I’d love to be able to say I could, because I do think he needed to die for the war to end, and also because I believe he deserved it, but I really don’t know.” 
        “What do you remember most vividly about the war?” I asked. 
        “My parents called me before they went underground.” She nodded, her eyes focused on the bedspread. “They live in South Carolina. They got the notice an hour before they had to report to their bunker, so they were packing when my mother called me. They were scared for me, not for themselves. They wanted to know if I had a safe place to go if Washington was ordered underground, and they were rattling off safety tips while shoving protein bars and puzzles and books into their bags. I dunno, it got to me. I hated that. They had to hang up before entering the complex and when they went underground, you know, I couldn’t reach them. I hated that I was so far away, you know, I would have so much more preferred to have gone down with them, take the same risk they did. I felt guilty for being able to see the sky every day.” 
        I nodded. “I know what you mean.” 
        She looked up at me and shook her head. “This war. God, it really pushed the limits of humanity, I mean, people are still living underground, may never get out because it just won’t be safe, and there are so many people dead. Families, splintered, if not entirely killed off. It’s a baffling reality.” 
        “I don’t think anyone knew it could ever get this bad.” 
        “No one ever does.” 
        “And no one knew the President had the ability to create so many nuclear warheads.”
        “At least the technology was refined. Not as much radiation as at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.” 
        “That’s just ‘cause it was cheaper to create less radioactive material. He scrimped where he could. It was just a benefit that he could also play the part of the merciful Commander in Chief. There was a lot of publicity taking advantage of the lowered radiation.”
        “Yeah, I guess you were there for a lot of the press conferences about nukes.” 
        “Yeah. One of the few times they had me in uniform.” 
        “Did you enjoy any of the stuff they had you do?” 
        I stretched my legs out under the covers. “I don’t really want to talk about those things.”
        “Oh, yeah, totally.” She shifted on the bed until she was leaning against the headboard beside me. “I’m glad you’re here.” 
        I huffed through my nose. 
        “I’m serious, I am glad. I’m glad for the chance to get to know you better. I’ve been curious about you ever since that night in the church. I mean, you weren’t what I expected.” 
        “What did you expect?” I slid down so that I was flat on the bed, propped up on the pillow with my arm tucked under my head. 
        “Well, I figured you’d be a brilliant arguer. I mean, I really expected you to just set into a debate and get your nails real in there.” She made a grabbing motion with one hand and we both laughed. “And I figured you’d want to go into politics one day, or that you would be really resentful of the draft. Lost time, and all that. And I figured you’d be kinda full of yourself. Cocky.” 
        “I was,” I said. “I really was. Thought I could fix all of the world’s problems. That there was one simple solution. Boy was a wrong.” 
        “There never is a simple solution.” 
        “Maybe that’s what’s wrong with the world.” 
        “Makes it more exciting though.” 
        “I used to think the excitement was worth it.” I rolled over onto my back. “Now I’d just like to take it slow.” 
        “You sound like you’re heading towards thirty.” 
        “You know how I said I never expected to live this long?” 
        “Yeah.” 
        “I’ve lost all of my expectations. I don’t think about when I want to get married, if I want to have kids, what I want to do with my life. I didn’t think there’d be a life to be had, so I haven’t planned any of it out.”
        “Well,” she said, looking down at me, “now you get to think about it. Because you, ma’am, have got the time. You’ve got a life to live.” 
        I stared up at the ceiling. I couldn’t tell if I was happy about this. I figured I should be. But it scared me. 
        Sarah Gale slid down the backboard to lie next to me. “Tell me something about your family.” 
        Calvin. My parents, the letters my father wrote me. “No,” I said. 
        “Then tell me something about you. I want to learn about you.” 
        “Sarah Gale, I’m not ready to start building a relationship. I think you’re beautiful, and I thank you for everything you’ve been doing for me, but for Christ’s sakes I can’t start having vulnerable conversations. You know what I’ve been through, the whole nation does. It’s too big of a jump, I can’t just start talking about all of these things, and I’m really not ready to start getting close to people. You deserve better, and you won’t find it with me.” I’d sat up and there were tears in my eyes. She propped herself up on an elbow and rubbed my bag with her other hand, the tips of her fingers tangling with the ends of my hair brushing against my shoulders. “I’m sorry,” I said. 
        “Don’t be,” she said. “You need your time, and you should have it. I’m sorry for pushing you.” 
        I twisted around, grabbed her by her pajama shirt, pulled her up, and sobbed into her shoulder. She tentatively put her arms around me and I made myself stay still. A sick feeling filled my stomach, but I stayed still. And I got tears and snot all over her top but she held me anyway. 
        “I don’t like being alone,” I sobbed. “And I feel alone, I feel so alone, but I’m scared and everything feels wrong, I don’t know how to explain it to you, it’s just wrong and I’m so unhappy.” 
        She held me tighter. “You’re not alone, Thea.”
        I didn’t know who she was talking to. The name clattered against my ears and I didn’t recognize it as mine. 
        
        We shared the bed that night. After she released me I was silent and she didn’t interrupt. I lay still until she was asleep and then I got out of bed, barely feeling the cold floor against my feet. I walked upstairs to her bathroom and found her razor tucked behind a bottle of bath bubbles. I broke open the plastic and extracted a blade. I sat down in the shower, took a deep breath to see if it was sweet, but it wasn’t, so I listened to my heartbeat to see if I would miss it, but I hated the way it was beating hard enough to rattle the cloth of my tshirt. So I took the blade and cut my left wrist, the one that I was once told holds an artery straight to the heart, that’s why the wedding ring goes on the left hand. I slid the blade up from the wrist towards the elbow. And then I waited until I wouldn’t have to make myself breathe or have to feel that nuisance of an organ beat out alive alive alive. I should have taken the cyanide pill when I had the chance, I thought. 
        
Hospital Scene
        She was praying. She was sitting in a plastic chair at my right and had her hands folded and head bowed. And she was praying aloud. I didn’t want to listen. She was praying for me, praying for healing, praying like life was sweet and faith even sweeter. I wondered how often she did this. 
        “Why are you doing that,” I asked. My voice felt like gravel over my tongue. I hated my arm. I hated my body. It had failed me. “Why are you praying like that?” I asked. 
        She looked up at me. She did not smile in relief or throw her arms around me or burst into tears. She looked up at me, and there was anger in her eyes. “Because I need patience,” she said, “and God’s intervention.” 
        “Why are you mad?” 
        She reached out and took my hand. “I am glad you’re awake,” she said, relaxing her face. “How do you feel?” 
        “Like daisies in fucking sunshine,” I said. “Why are you mad?” 
        “Because you have been stuck in your own head.” She slapped her hands against her thighs. “And that’s okay, you’ve been through a lot. But Jesus fucking Christ, you have no idea what is going on! You haven’t seen people who are suffering from radiation poisoning, or the people who lost their families, or people who thought they were right and now don’t know how to hold their head up in their local Walmart. You are here for a reason, Thea. You didn’t use up all of your purpose in the war. There’s more to your life than moping over things past. I know that you’re in pain and I’m sorry, and I’m sorry I’m yelling at you. You just have so much more to do, Thea.”
        “Do you really believe that,” I asked softly. 
        “Yes,” she said. “I do.” 
        “Why do you believe in God?” 
        “Because She won’t let me not believe in her.” 
        “What do you mean?” 
        She sighed. “I have a stock answer for when people ask me this. I say that Her love is incorrigible and that She doesn’t give up on a person. I tell people that my God has infinite patience and knocks on your door even when you’ve locked it and have your fingers in your ears. And that’s true. But I believe in God because one day when I was kid I walked barefoot out into the rain and the sun shone on the rain and God danced through puddles with me. And then a few months later She sat next to me at a fountain. And then She looked at me through a reflection in a window. And then She was in a sunset, and in a blonde kid’s hands, and in this room at my old church, in my father, in my best friend, in a certain snowfall, in a spring morning when I woke up with the birds and knew I had to go to seminary. She has given me signs at every turn.” 
        “Did you ever ignore Her?” I asked, interrupting the stream of words. 
        “Sure, I did. Because I was happy and didn’t think she was right. Because I wanted to see something through, see it for myself. I fell hard, but I made my choice and knew it.” 
        “Has She ever been wrong?” 
        “I don’t know. I’m happy as I am, but who knows if I would have been happier ignoring Her signs?” 
        “So how do you know you’re right about me?” 
        She took my hand again. “I don’t need Her to tell me that you have more to do, Thea, I’ve got a pretty good mind between my ears. The world is falling apart. It needs your hands.” She held up the hand she was holding. “These two good hands.” 
        “I’m nothing special,” I said, tears rising in my eyes. “I can’t fix the world.” 
        “Of course not, you’re not supposed to.” She ran her free hand through her hair. “You have to take life piece by piece. You can’t fix everything right now. But you know what you can do? Drink some water.” She reached over to the table beside me and picked up a glass of water from a tray. “One small step forward. You don’t have to forgive yourself for anything, you don’t have to know what you’re going to do with the rest of your life, much less the next ten minutes. Just drink some water.” 
        Her eyes were fierce and they didn’t let me look away. They were beautiful. And even though I felt like something had blown a hole in my chest, like if I did drink the water it would flow out from between my ribs and spill over the bed because there was nothing to keep it in, I freed my hand from hers and took the glass. The plastic felt cool against my lips, the water more so. And somehow it stayed inside me. 
        “Step by step,” she said, taking the cup back when I held it out to her. “Because that’s all you can do, that’s all you can ever do.” 
        I lay still and looked at my feet. “Does this hospital have pudding?” I asked after a while. “Chocolate pudding?” 
        “I can ask.” She got up and walked out of the room. The silence was excruciating. I listened to myself breathe. Let the sound of it fill my ears. I put my right hand against my jugular to make sure my heart was beating because I wasn’t sure. 
        “A nurse is bringing some,” Sarah Gale said. I jumped. “Sorry.” She sat again. 
        “I’m not trying to be self-centered,” I whispered. “I try to be selfless. I’ve always tried to be selfless.” 
        “I’ve been thinking about Easter, it’s coming up and it’s going to be a big holiday, everyone is going to be with their families and coming to church for the first major holiday since the war ended. The crucifixion is supposed to be the most selfless act ever. A fragment of God walking among us and feeling what we feel and, because of the new understanding of what we have to endure on earth, God forgives us. Supposedly unconditionally, though the real meaning of that changes depending on who you talk to. 
Leaving Sarah Gale
        “You have to go,” she said, watching me shovel mac ‘n cheese into my mouth. 
        “What?” I asked, mouth full. 
        “You have to go home.” 
        I swallowed. “You’re kicking me out.” 
        “Yes.” 
        “Why?” 
        “Because you need to go home. You can’t just stay like this forever, crying in my guest bedroom and thinking that one day you’ll magically get better. You need to get out of here.” 
        I put my fork down. My stomach was turning. “You don’t want me here.” 
        “No, Thea…” She sighed. “I’d love for you to stay here. But this isn’t where you belong. You’ve got to go figure out what you want to do, who you want to be, who you are. You can’t do that from my guest bedroom.” 
        “


On the Farm
        The grocery store door had a bell attached to the interior handle. A few customers were milling around the shoulder-high isles, and a white-haired man was checking out a woman with brunette hair. The two of them both looked at me when I entered then exchanged a look. I walked into the isles and pretended like I was looking for someone. He finished checking her out and I sidled over. 
        “Excuse me,” I said softly. “I’m looking for work, I was wondering if you would know of anything around here?” 
        He looked me up and down. “I’m afraid there aren’t many options around here, ma’am. Mostly just a few farms. Hard enough to keep a store goin’, even with no one but muhself and Jerry’s boy doin’ the lifting.” He nodded over to a seven or eight year old kid sitting on an upside down plastic bucket with one finger up his nose. 
        “Then is there anywhere I could work for a place to stay tonight?” I asked. 
        “I’d love to help you, ma’am, but that’s not something I can answer. I don’t know too many folks willing to take in strangers these days. The risk of radiation isn’t something most people are willing to take chances on. Most homes ‘round here would be happy to take you in if the situation were different, but trust is a hard thing to come by these days.” 
        “I’ve never been at a bombing site, I’ve never been near the radiation,” I said. “You can test me, I don’t carry any radiation.” 
        “Ma’am, I don’t know where you think you are.” His tone had turned angry. “This is not a big city. I’m afraid that we do not have the ability to test strangers seeking our hospitality to see if they’ll kill us. We have very few radiometers, none of them capable of running tests more than five or ten times, and we tend to prefer the safety of our own loved ones over taking a risk on a stranger.” 
        “I’m sorry,” I said. 
        “I’m sure, ma’am. If you’ll step aside.” He waved up a woman who had been waiting behind me. 
        “Please,” I said. 
        “Ma’am, please step out of the way.” 
        “I’ll take you in,” the woman behind me said. I turned and looked at her. She was shorter than me and was wearing bright red lipstick but no other makeup. She wore overalls and a faded tshirt. “I’m Cherry, I work at a farm a little ways out of town. You can stay with us.” 
        “I can work,” I said. “I’ve never worked on a farm, but I’ll do what I can. And I swear, I’ve never been near radiation.” 
        She smiled. “We’ll find something for you to do. Won’t be able to pay you, but there’s always something to be done, and we’ve got bedrooms aplenty.” 
        “Thank you,” I said. 
        “Ring me up, Charlie.” She handed him her basket and pulled a wallet out of her pocket. “And I think I’ve got a coupon for the yeast there.” She fumbled through the wallet until she found a crumpled up newspaper clipping. 
        “So you do,” he said, smoothing it out and scanning it. “That’ll be twenty-five fifty, Ms. Cherry.” 
        She handed him the card. I didn’t know where to look, who to watch. I’d obviously antagonized the grocer, and I was indebted to the woman, both of which embarrassed me. I thought of home, of how close I was to the city I’d grown up in, but as I thought about it more I realized I’d rather be embarrassed than have to face my family. The grocer handed back the card and started to bag the items in a reusable bag the woman handed him. 
        “Tell Corndog I said hi,” he said as he handed her the bag. “He’s got to come in town sometimes, Mrs. Jenkins has been missing him.” 
        “I’ll let him know.” She smiled at him then looked at me before walking out. 
        “Thank you,” I said softly to the man and followed after her. He did not smile or respond.
        “Hop in,” the woman said, standing on the driver’s side of a white van. On the side was painted “Stratford Farm: Family-Owned. Shop Local.” A painted goat was chewing on the final “L.” I pulled open the passenger’s side door and climbed in. She got in too and turned the van on. The a/c revved on full blast, hot air fluttering through our hair. “I don’t like asking backstories,” she said, putting her seatbelt on. “And I think anyone in your situation wouldn’t mind lying about their radiation levels. Not only that, if you’ve been walking around for a while, you could have picked some up without you knowing. There’s a site about a hundred and fifty miles south from here and all our weather comes up from the Gulf, so who knows. But I work radiation cleanup, so I’m already at risk, and Charlie wasn’t going to help you out.”
        “You work clean up?” I interrupted. 
        “Yeah, down in Georgia.” 
        “The Atlanta site.” 
        “Yep.” She slid the car into drive and pulled into the road without checking her mirrors. I looked away from her, out my window. I’d dropped that bomb. “Are you looking for a place to stay on for a while, or are you passing through?” 
        “I’d like to find a place to stay,” I said without looking away from the window. “I don’t like walking.” 
        “Well, the guy who owns the farm I’m taking you to, his name is Corndog, he grew up around here, the farm belongs to his parents. 


        When Alex fell, the whole house shook. We were sleeping in separate beds that night, and I only woke up when I heard Corndog calling his name. I heard the sound of his fall in retrospect, as if my brain was rehearing the sound and categorizing it as something wrong, rather than as a burst of thunder. I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and rolled out of bed. Cherry was blearily following Corndog down the hall towards Alex’s room and I pressed past her to stand in the doorway while Corndog knelt beside Alex’s prone body. “Alex,” he was saying. “Alex, wake up.” 
        “Is he breathing?” Cherry asked, reaching around me for the lightswitch. The sudden burst of light from the overhead lamp made me flinch and cast the whole scene in a horrific yellow glow. 
        “Yes,” Corndog said. 
        “Should I call 911?” I asked. He looked up at me, white-knuckled clutching my phone, and nodded towards the corded phone on Alex’s nightstand. 
        “They’ll be able to trace the call from the landline,” he said. I crossed the room without feeling my legs move and put the receiver to my ear. I’d never dialed 911 in a serious situation




        I lay on my back and I looked up. The new green on the trees pressed against the pale blue sky like my fingertips against Alex’s neck, just under his jawline. The sun cast shadows through the blades of grass and every cloud that interrupted the delicious yellow thrown across the green reminded me that sunset was coming, and I wanted to weep, because could anything be more beautiful than the cool early summer air kissing the bees that bumped against my water bottle and were distracted from the buttercups by the clover? Could there be a more perfect moment, could something sweeter exist? I lay with my nose full of the sweet scent of pollen and hour-old rain and I yearned for a guarantee. I ached to be told that things would stay this beautiful. I wanted the world to promise me that I had been through the worst of it, that all I had to do now was grow old, make a family, pull weeds, raise goats, and cook for the generations that would pour from between my hips and care for me when I could no longer climb the ladder into the loft of the goat barn. I needed to be sure. Because, with the sun setting before me and flowers bursting into color like the first bite out of a tomato, I wanted to raise children there. I wanted them to grow up with the goats, grow up with dirt on their knees and grass in their hair and no memory of the world before. I wanted to grow old and let my memories grow old with me. I wanted to fold them into the dirt, fold Cassie’s eyes into the dirt and let them sprout something new, something green, something that would flower in three years and spread across the yard like wildfire. I placed my hands on my stomach  just below my belly button. Let something good come from me, I prayed. Let it be good. 
Nuclear Clean Up


Cassie Address


Go Home
The air smelled of clover and rain on hot asphalt. The clouds were a beautiful steel blue, the pale hint of color breaking through the dark threat of storm. I parked the rental in the street and got out, standing open mouthed in front of the silver fire hydrant as a proper southern summer thunderstorm rumbled around me. I laughed a little, unable to hold back my glee at standing here again. Two years, I’d been gone. Two years since I left my mother crying at airport security and got on my first flight alone. I hadn’t been back since, and I could barely breathe even now. The oak tree in the front yard had grown but not as noticeably as the ginko tree in the side yard; when I left, it had been little more than a sapling. It was now proudly a few inches taller than the house. Its fan leaves waved a spasmodic hello as they caught the heavy raindrops. The house was just as I’d remembered it, just as I’d pictured it lying awake in my bunk almost every night clinging to the color of the brick and the front door and the lazy monkey grass. I’d been in the north for two years, two years away from the way this rain was dripping down my back and the way the storm barely tempered the summer heat. I’d had recurring dreams about this place, the first time that had ever happened to me. I’d dream that if I just opened my eyes, once I woke up, I’d be in my childhood bedroom, steps away from my parents and the only place I’ve ever really called home. Seeing those green shutters, standing before it again for the first time since the summer after I graduated high school, I felt taller. Tears rose in my eyes. 
        The spare key hung on the same nail at the back of the potting bench as it had when I lived there. My father’s car wasn’t parked in the driveway--further reassurance that he and my mother were at church. I smiled to myself as I put the key in the lock. The safety of a Sunday morning. 
        The sound of the door opening was more comforting to me than any friendly face I’d caught a glimpse of since I’d left. Stepping inside, the familiar creaking floorboards and blued rainy day light brought tears to my eyes. The door closed behind me and I dripped onto the mat for a moment. The quiet of the house wrapped a familiar hush around my shoulders and I breathed in her smell. I’d never been able to remember the exact scent; I’d grown up in it, it was familiar like the taste of my mouth. My heart was racing and I couldn’t tell if I wanted to cry or bolt. I felt like I was trespassing. I just needed to grab a few things, I kept telling myself. A change of clothes. A few books, maybe. A phone charger. Maybe some snacks. Pair of shoes. Anything else? That had to be it. I couldn’t take much or they’d notice. 
        “How was church?” Calvin called from the study. I froze at the foot of the stairs. He couldn’t see that it was me--the study was to my right through the living room, and the doorways weren’t lined up to allow a sightline. My right hand, held out at my side for balance as my left clung to the banister, shook slightly.
        “Fine,” I called out, trying to imitate my mother’s voice, but it had been too long. I couldn’t remember her intonation. I braced myself for discovery.
        Footsteps. 
        “Jesus Christ.” 
        I turned and looked at my brother. He’d gone pale, the red flushing out of his cheeks and leaving him sallow and swaying. “Where the hell have you been?”  
        “Surprise,” I said with a half laugh that sounded more like a cough. 
        He jolted forward and embraced me. I awkwardly patted his back. “They’re going to be so happy to see you,” he said. 
        “Who?” I asked. 
        “Our parents,” he said, pulling away. 
        “Oh, no, they can’t see me.” I shook my head. I’d left a wet mark against his t-shirt. “They can’t know I’m here.” 
        “Jesus, why? Thea, that’s stupid.”
        “It’s not safe!” My voice was rising in both volume and pitch. “If I came home, there’d be press all the way up and down the street, not to mention people who want to kill me. I don’t want Mom and Dad to go through anything more for me than they already have. They did everything they could for me, so now I’m doing everything I can for them.” 
        “So why’d you come back?” 
        “I need some clothes and some money.”
        “Meaning that this is a supply run.” 
        “I don’t have to justify myself to you.” My eyebrows scrunched together. “I wanted to see my home. I’ve been gone two years, I’m finally able to come home, I’m not just going to miss the opportunity.” 
        He shook his head. “This isn’t right.”
        “You can’t tell me what’s right and wrong.” I said wryly. “Of everyone on this earth, you cannot tell me what to do.” 
Two red spots appeared on his cheeks just under his eyes. 
        “I’m going to go grab some of my shit. I’ll be out of your hair soon enough.” I’d turned towards the stairs, but I faced him again and stuck my finger against his chest. “If you tell Mom or Dad I’ve been here, I will never speak to you again.”
        He shook his head at me. “Thea, this isn’t a good idea. If you didn’t want them to know you were alive, you shouldn’t have come back.” 
        “Maybe you’re right.” I nodded. “Maybe you’re right, I shouldn’t have. But I wanted to come back, I need money and some clothes, so I came home. And you will keep this a secret, because you owe me.” He looked at the floor and I climbed the stairs two at a time, hands and feet finding their old patterns, ears rejoicing at the way the house creaked. Everything was exactly how I’d remembered it. Every step, the twists in the banister, the hall light, my lightweight wood door that would expand in the summer humidity and jam in the doorframe, they all fell back against me as though I’d walked under a waterfall of memory. All the frayed parts of me, bits of my insides that had been terrified or on edge since leaving this place, were startlingly, suddenly, noticeably calmed. 
        I closed my bedroom door behind me. I needed to see myself again. I needed to see who I was before the war, the girl I never really got to say goodbye to, the one who didn’t really want to leave home, who really didn’t want to fight a war, who didn’t think she’d ever meet the President, who thought she might be something special. I didn’t think I’d ever be who I was when I stood there again, luxuriating in the soft wooden floorboards and blue painted walls. I’d lived too long in white cinderblock rooms with cement floors. Everything was still in its place, though my mother had moved things around a bit, cleaned up some. The quilt on my bed was the same; I’d wanted to take it with me to college.. The floor was entirely too bare to declare my living there. And the bookshelves! I ran my fingers along the spines of the volumes I’d had to leave behind. I’d missed their colors, their familiarity, their paternal gaze. After a moment I crouched down, fingertips against the floor I’d missed so much, and wept into my knees, laughing a little at the childishness and uncontrollability of it all. Home, finally. For so long the missing of this place had nauseated me. And here it was, under my feet and within eyesight, and I felt taller, different, strange. Homeless. I couldn’t belong here anymore.
        Calvin knocked on the door. “You’ve got maybe five minutes before church ends., and I figure you want to not be parked in front of the house when they get back.” 
        I stood and wiped away my tears, grateful I hadn’t made much sound. My purple duffle bag was still in the closet, and still half-packed with basketball essentials: ankle brace, shoes, deodorant, a spare pair of spandex and sports bra. I tossed out the shoes and spandex and started stuffing in a couple shirts and a pair of jeans. I put a pair of old converse in the outside pocket. I threw in my high school Bible and a copy of Jane Eyre, as well as an old half-filled journal with a pen tucked inside. I unearthed my old “Escape” fund from underneath a basket of sewing supplies and stuffed the stash of Happy Birthday fifties and odd bills into the inner duffel pocket. I’d saved it up during high school so I could have the possibility of getting the car and not taking the exit off the highway to school, but could head straight to Nashville or St. Louis. As a final touch I took my high school class ring that I’d worn every day of junior and senior year but had been forced to leave when I went to boot camp. I slid it on my right ring finger, noticing how odd the weight of it felt. I was unused to it, just as I was unused to having my brother standing outside my door, waiting. I hoisted the bag up onto my bed and zipped it up. 
        “How’s Dad?” I called through the door.
        “What do you think? He misses you.” 
        “Are they waiting for me to come home?” 
        “I mean, I guess so. I know they’d both probably commit murder to hear from you.” 
“Makes sense.” I slung the bag over my shoulder and opened the door. He was leaning against the wall and looked at me with his piercingly blue eyes. 
        “Are you sure you have to go,” he said. 
        “Yes.” 
        “Where are you gonna stay?” 
        “I don’t know.” I walked down the stairs. He followed. 
        “You could stay,” he pleaded. “They just want their daughter back again, they don’t care about what you did, and besides I’m sure no one knows the whole story anyway. There’s always another side to things. And they haven’t ever blamed you for anything. They just want to have you home.” He grabbed my arm as we reached the hallway. “Thea, please.” 
        I looked at him, and for the first time I saw that my brother was desperate. His ears were red, cheeks pale, and eyes so wide open I could see white all around his iris. I involuntarily took a half step away from him. “Calvin,” I said softly. 
        “Please,” he repeated. 
        I shifted my weight and looked at him sidelong. “Why aren’t you at church?” I asked quietly. 
        His eyes darted away then looked back at me and for a second I was afraid he was about to cry. “Please,” he said. 
        “Jesus, Calvin.” I set down my bag and embraced him. Because I knew. Two years, two years of community college and living at home because our parents could no longer afford college tuition much less housing, because of how much my parents had spent to make sure neither of their children would be drafted. Two years spent living with parents who resented him day and night for getting drunk around the wrong people, saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, and getting my name printed at the top of a conscription notice. But then again, I hadn’t forgiven him for it either. So I pulled away, picked up my duffel bag, grabbed an old umbrella from the coat closet under the stairs, and set out into the rain. “Don’t tell them,” I called over my shoulder as the door closed behind me. The rain was lighter, as were the clouds. I got in the car and hit play on my old favorite Tom Petty album. I wished I could stay and luxuriate in the familiar setting like a robin in a bird bath, but I turned the key in the ignition and drove away through the neighborhood the opposite way than the one I knew my parents would be taking coming home. 


Easton Visit


Museum Visit


Daire


Visit Rehabilitation


Meet with Cassie


Calvin Accident


Reckoning with Parents


Telling Daire the Whole Story


Reconcile with Rehabilitation


Daire Tells Story Wrong


Grave Visit


Back at Farm
[a]Lovely opening paragraph.
[b]in my email I noted that around page 4-5 you increased reading level to around grade 7 but should note that for a few pages now you seem more back around that 6. haven't checked but just a hunch.
[c]unfinished
[d]I start this scene without the introduction it needs to connect it back to Internment
[e]Second half of the trial, I skipped the middle and started exploring the witnesses to see what they had to say
[f]wondering how you could make the court scene more gripping. seems like we need some suspense--i.e. what is a character going to say? or the emotion of your protagonist.
[g]here we get a real sense of emotion; more so than earlier in the story. doesn't take much--wonder if you could add it in earlier?
[h]you need a little language here to show we're not suddenly in a fantasy novel
[i]would be great if you could give us more about her earlier. what's her emotional arc? what does she want?
[j]okay now I'm remembering she's the one in the church? if so I think you need to keep whatever that relationship was here at the fringes rather than have her seem just altruistic
[k]seems too abrupt an emotional shift; maybe make it more gradual?
[l]bestseller contraction needed
[m]I think all this needs to come earlier
[n]really great if we can see her grow in realization as a character through her interaction. wonder if you could somehow show this more? character interaction should either create drama/conflict; moments of intimacy; propel character on her own character arc/growth
[o]I wonder if there would be a way to show how Sarah Gale makes things special? Better than telling us, the way that you have them discuss it, but I still think you might be able to communicate some of this in another way.
[p]I like that you're exploring conflict here. But I'm imagining the Sarah character to be pretty forgiving so the stakes are low. Wonder if there's any way to make it more consequential (as in threatening their actual relationship?) that will make your reader more engaged
[q]so what if she's afraid her answer might actually ruin their relationship? could it be high stakes here?